<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <script src="../pogey.js"></script>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 1659 – Void Furnace</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>The Asura Heavenly Dao was spread throughout the entire Asura Road; this was the same in every single mystic realm.</p>

  <p>After all, the Asura Road was created by the Asura Road Master. Although it was unknown how Yin Yang Despair Valley was formed, it should still be linked to the Asura Road Master.</p>

  <p>“Let’s go…”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming drew Xiao Moxian close and began moving forwards with her.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming could clearly feel fluctuations from the wild space distortions all around.</p>

  <p>It was obvious that the space here wasn’t stable.</p>

  <p>According to the information he obtained from Heaven’s Secret Pavilion, the location of Yin Yang Despair Valley would constantly change within the Great Desolate, and the price to find out this information was considerably high. It seemed that this information wasn’t false at all…</p>

  <p>However, this sort of danger zone was especially advantageous in helping Lin Ming refine the Ravenous Wolf Heaven Pill.</p>

  <p>Of the Nine Stars of the Dao Palace, every Dao Palace represented a different true meaning of the universe, a different mystery.</p>

  <p>The Ravenous Wolf Star corresponded with the Heavenly Retribution Dao Palace. It was strange and cryptic, and of the nine Dao Palaces it could be said to represent the most elusive and nimble true meaning.</p>

  <p>Heavenly Retribution – this referred to the power of the world. After a martial artist opened the Heavenly Retribution Dao Palace they could rely on it to commune with the heavens and earth, integrating the power of the world into their mortal body and obtaining a terrifying strength, one that could annihilate all their enemies!</p>

  <p>Opening the Heavenly Retribution Dao Palace required tremendous momentum from the world itself. Only a suitable danger zone could provide them with the chance to succeed.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming wasn’t in a hurry. He slowly scattered his sense outwards to find a place in Yin Yang Despair Valley that had a rich world strength so he could refine the Ravenous Wolf Heaven Pill there.</p>

  <p>After finishing his plans, Lin Ming and Xiao Moxian walked together towards their destination.</p>

  <p>Along the way there were many dangerous areas filled with space-time fissures. In addition, there were the dreadful surging flows of energy within the mystic realm. These turbulent flows of energy were similar to the hellfire that had rushed Xiao Moxian.</p>

  <p>However, these flows of raging energy all followed the Asura Heavenly Dao. With this, it wasn’t difficult for Lin Ming and Xiao Moxian to avoid them.</p>

  <p>They carefully arrived at the place that was rich with energy.</p>

  <p>If the energy flows within Yin Yang Despair Valley were compared to a storm, then this place would be the eye of the storm. Although all sorts of world energies flooded the surrounding space, this place was actually extremely calm and most suited for refining a pill.</p>

  <p>But just in case, Lin Ming still laid down protective array formations to prepare for all contingencies.</p>

  <p>After finishing this, Lin Ming put forth a divine runic table and a variety of rare and precious materials. After laboring over the Ravenous Wolf Heaven Pill for so many years he was finally going to start refining it. Lin Ming was certainly thrilled by this prospect, but his movements were still orderly and calm, not hurried at all.</p>

  <p>These were the habits that Lin Ming had picked up over the years by drawing the improved Heavenly Fire Symbols and Heretical God Symbols.</p>

  <p>He needed to perfectly organize every detail in this process. Only this perfection would allow him to impact the Heavenly Retribution Dao Palace.</p>

  <p>His fingers cut a line through the void, drawing a wisp of heavenly tribulation fire towards it. He drew a curved path in the air.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s hands seemed to fly. One at a time, strange energy patterns began to appear, condensing into all sorts of tiny runes.</p>

  <p>Xiao Moxian stood on the side blinking, puzzled by this. “Big Brother Lin, aren’t you going to refine the Ravenous Wolf Heaven Pill? How come you are suddenly drawing up a divine runic symbol?”</p>

  <p>“I have to refine the improved medicinal runic symbol first.”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming lightly said. During the years in Tragic Death Valley he had used a full year to thoroughly research an appropriate medicinal runic symbol. This medicinal runic symbol was chosen after being checked for a number of criteria and would be the best one possible for supporting the Ravenous Wolf Heaven Pill.</p>

  <p>Without this medicinal runic symbol, the Ravenous Wolf Heaven Pill that Lin Ming refined would have much weaker effects.</p>

  <p>As Lin Ming spoke, the speed of his movements hastened. The movements of his hands in the air began to leave behind afterimages, as quick as lightning.</p>

  <p>In Tragic Death Valley, Lin Ming had long accustomed himself with this medicinal runic symbol and had drawn up many test copies. But, to allow the medicinal runic symbol’s medicinal efficacy to reach the highest possible limit and also match the properties of the Ravenous Wolf Heaven Pill, he needed to draw support from the world momentum here.</p>

  <p>In those 15 years within Tragic Death Valley, Lin Ming had reached even higher heights in drawing up a medicinal runic symbol. Now, all of that accumulated practice would finally reveal itself.</p>

  <p>In addition with the memories of the three divine runic masters he had absorbed, this tremendous background allowed him to come up with many useful and fresh new ideas.</p>

  <p>Moreover, this environment and the faint Asura Heavenly Dao Laws here would help Lin Ming a great deal.</p>

  <p>He silently drew runes of the Asura Heavenly Dao towards the tiny runes, constantly transforming the medicinal runic symbol, allowing it to become far more complex and powerful.</p>

  <p>Finally, after three days and three nights passed, strange and mysterious patterns appeared in the void where they were drawn by Lin Ming’s finger into the tiny runes.</p>

  <p>In the blink of an eye, a brilliantly marvelous reaction occurred. A shimmering light bloomed like a lotus flower and all of the runes began to gather together, forming a divine runic symbol that appeared like a snow-white flower petal.</p>

  <p>This divine runic symbol emitted a strange fluctuation of energy. Lin Ming finally relaxed, at last able to take a breath of relief. Then he carefully grasped the divine runic symbol – the improved medicinal runic symbol was finally complete. Within this divine runic symbol were the Laws of the Asura Heavenly Dao that existed in the surrounding environment. They were much purer than the Asura Heavenly Dao Laws that Lin Ming had comprehended.</p>

  <p>Then, Lin Ming sat down on the ground, entering a deep meditation just like a monk. The reason he came here was to borrow the world momentum of this danger zone to help refine the Ravenous Wolf Heaven Pill and attack the Heavenly Retribution Dao Palace.</p>

  <p>And the power of the Asura Heavenly Dao Laws here could also be used by Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s thoughts raced. He began to analyze Yin Yang Despair Valley in his mind, combining all of the various powers here, including even the strange space distortions.</p>

  <p>However, there was one thing Lin Ming understood above all. Everything in the world of the Asura Road had to conform to the basics of the Asura Heavenly Dao Laws.</p>

  <p>It could be said that the Asura Heavenly Dao Laws were the true ruler of the world.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s fingers continuously calculated. An unusual strength flowed out from his body, causing the surrounding waves of power to react and wash towards him.</p>

  <p>Gradually, strands of flame… white clouds filled with ice… distorted space ripples… thick black death energy…</p>

  <p>All of these strengths began to gather towards Lin Ming with him as the center.</p>

  <p>In this situation, Lin Ming meditated for a day and a night. He adjusted his condition to its peak state, restoring all of the soul force he used to refine the medicinal runic symbol.</p>

  <p>At this time, Lin Ming’s eyes flashed open and a brilliant light cut through his pupils like a bolt of lightning in the dark skies. Lin Ming’s finger slightly quivered, each quiver causing a tiny trace of the Asura Heavenly Dao Laws to appear.</p>

  <p>At his side, the Asura Heavenly Dao Law patterns were marking the space around him!</p>

  <p>He took out the heaven devouring snake gallbladder, jade dragon horn, and other transcendent materials form his spatial ring.</p>

  <p>These materials, beneath the galvanizing world momentum here, manifested phantoms of dragons and snakes that twined together in the skies.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming used the Asura Heavenly Dao Laws as the furnace and quickened the world momentum within Yin Yang Despair Valley as the fire to refine to the Ravenous Wolf Heaven Pill.</p>

  <p>The power of elusive and mystical Laws constantly fused with the threads of world strength that surrounded the area, beginning to form strange lines in the air.</p>

  <p>Within the void, gradually and faintly, the outline of a giant furnace began to appear…</p>

  <p>The furnace spun around, emitting waves of strange forces, seeming as if it were attracting all of the power in the surroundings into it.</p>

  <p>Countless runes floated around the furnace like sands in the tide. The furnace sparkled with a magical luster.</p>

  <p>Without any hesitation, Lin Ming threw the jade dragon horn, heaven devouring snake gallbladder, dragon saliva grass, primal jade quintessence, and the pile of other materials into the air, allowing the swallowing force of the furnace to pull them all in.</p>

  <p>The heavenly tribulation flames within his body surged out from his dantian, turning into a giant flame dragon that dove into the void furnace.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Xiao Moxian also summoned her jet black nirvanic flames and sent them hurtling towards the furnace. After coordinating with Lin Ming in alchemy for so many years, their thoughts had already become one.</p>

  <p>The dragon formed from heavenly tribulation flames and the dark phoenix formed by nirvanic flames soared up together, emitting dreadful waves of flames.</p>

  <p>The dense flames split into countless threads of flames that drilled towards the different rare and precious materials.</p>

  <p>Fleeting gaze crystals, three-eyed silkworm silk, all of the various materials began to disintegrate within the raging inferno of flames…</p>

  <p>Some medicinal materials with a spirituality began to whine with horror and fear. However, the heavenly tribulation flames and nirvanic flames had already fused together. They were both seventh level Concept flames and could even instantly burn down a mountain peak; the strength of these combined flames was beyond terrifying.</p>

  <p>As Lin Ming and Xiao Moxian constantly sent their power of fire into the void furnace, more and more materials within it began to melt, sending out all sorts of enchanting fragrances.</p>

  <p>By just smelling these medicinal fragrances once, one would feel as if they had taken a bath in the purest water in the world. Their entire body would feel cleansed and comfortable.</p>

  <p>At this time, within the blazing flames, the snow white jade dragon horn began to turn deep red.</p>

  <p>A dragon spirit suddenly howled and rushed out, hurtling itself towards the dark fire phoenix and fire dragon.</p>

  <p>Although the incomplete dragon soul had long disappeared, the dragon spirit’s instincts were still able to sense a danger outside that threatened its existence.</p>

  <p>With a rumbling strike, Lin Ming and Xiao Moxian felt their bodies shake.</p>

  <p>After all, those two flames were released by them and were connected to their divine souls through a mysterious connection.</p>

  <p>Although this dragon spirit was nothing but a mindless puppet, it was still a True Dragon. In the impact, the roiling nirvanic flames and heavenly tribulation flames dimmed down a great deal.</p>

  <p>Rumble rumble rumble!</p>

  <p>The dragon spirit was infuriated. It attacked everything around it with a barrage of attacks, wanting to escape the imprisonment of this furnace.</p>

  <p>However, this void furnace was formed by Lin Ming using the Asura Heavenly Dao Laws that existed in Yin Yang Despair Valley as well as by combining it with all sorts of different strengths.</p>

  <p>It was an incomparably mysterious phenomenon. Although the jade dragon spirit was forceful and its attacks caused the entire furnace to shake, it still wasn’t able to pass through.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming furrowed his eyebrows; he had already expected this.</p>

  <p>If he wanted to rely on his own strength to refine the many top grade materials here, it would require a massive amount of time and energy. Moreover, it would be profoundly difficult.</p>

  <p>But in Yin Yang Despair Valley, it was a completely different situation.</p>

  <p>He could rely on the Asura Laws to summon and borrow the momentum of the world and complete the refinement of the Ravenous Wolf Heaven Pill!</p>
</body>
</html>