<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <script src="../pogey.js"></script>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 2218 – The Soul Emperor’s World</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>What the Soul Emperor cultivated was to fuse the super world of the Demon God’s Tomb into himself, turning it into his own strength. Finally, his body would become one with the world, and if the world was indestructible then he would also be immortal!</p>

  <p>Now the Soul Emperor had opened up an eye between his eyebrows, and the endless starry skies contained within that eye was the world of the Demon God’s Tomb!</p>

  <p>This meant that the Soul Emperor was already putting his full effort into this battle. This technique was also one that the Soul Emperor had yet to fully control because he hadn’t finished his seclusion. After all, he had yet to thoroughly refine the Demon God’s Tomb.</p>

  <p>“Be careful, this old bastard is ready to go all-out!”</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming, eat this pill!”</p>

  <p>Ink and Clear nearly spoke at the same time. A round pill suddenly appeared in Lin Ming’s hand.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming glanced down. This pill was a deep green and it was unknown how it was refined. It seemed a bit soft, but it was a hard as jade. The surface of this jade bead was covered in circular traces, making it seem particularly special.</p>

  <p>Although he was puzzled, now was not the time to speak. He immediately swallowed down the pill and felt it melt within him, turning into a warm strength that revitalized his body.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming burning his own blood essence had originally caused permanent damage to his body. However, after eating up this pill, Lin Ming felt his own blood vitality surge through his body once more. Although it was impossible to completely cure the side effects created from overdrawing upon his life, it would increase his combat strength and extend it for that much longer.</p>

  <p>This sort of pill could immediately display effects after eating it and wouldn’t need one to meditate and digest it. Moreover, it could help someone whose strength far surpassed most peak True Divinity powerhouses; it could be imagined how precious it was.</p>

  <p>“You rest first. Clear, let’s attack!”</p>

  <p>Ink and Clear look at each other. Both of them had lived for a long, long time, and had already formed a tacit understanding with each other. If they joined forces then their combat strength would rise to another level.</p>

  <p>The two people stood in the void and a golden array diagram appeared beneath their feet. Ink and Clear were positioned in the two eyes of this array diagram. This array diagram was Clear’s array disc. At the same time, a giant furnace floated above their heads, constantly revolving and emitting beams of light.</p>

  <p>Rah!</p>

  <p>With a loud roar, two Asura phantoms appeared behind both Clear and Ink.</p>

  <p>These Asuras seethed with killing intent and gradually fused with Ink and Clear’s mortal bodies.</p>

  <p>The Asura phantoms were sucked into their bodies!</p>

  <p>Seeing this, Lin Ming was startled. Ink and Clear obviously cultivated the Asura Heavenly Dao, but their combat method in utilizing it was completely different from his own.</p>

  <p>After the two of them displayed their arcane techniques, their combat strength rose to an all new peak! With it, their old and wizened appearance began to change. Their bodies rose and their expressions became grim and resolute. Their wrinkles vanished and their hair turned pitch black; they had rejuvenated themselves from their old age, restoring the appearance of their youths.</p>

  <p>Their muscles grew and their blood vitality rushed through their bodies; they had been reborn!</p>

  <p>Neither of them remembered when the last time they used this secret technique was. There were far too many limits on it, and for them it would exhaust a tremendous amount of their energies and even cause their lifespans to plummet. However, facing the Soul Emperor, they could no longer worry about such things.</p>

  <p>“Attack!”</p>

  <p>Ink and Clear shouted out together. The golden array disc and Galaxy Void Furnace that swirled above and below also shot out, ruthlessly smashing down towards the Soul Emperor!</p>

  <p>Ink and Clear and struck out with all their strength. Seeing this, the Soul Emperor merely chuckled. From between his eyebrows, the void within that third eye rapidly expanded. The world of the Demon God’s Tomb turned into a visible wave that rushed out and swallowed all!</p>

  <p>For a time, the Soul Emperor seemed to stand in a separate space-time dimension. As for Ink and Clear, their attacks were all sucked into this different space-time dimension!</p>

  <p>Bang! Bang!</p>

  <p>Energy exploded, an explosion with enough power to compare to a supernova. A storm of energy swept out. However, that separate space-time remained stable to an unbelievable degree. Everything else was crushed by the storm of energy, but that space-time remained undamaged.</p>

  <p>Like this, Ink and Clear’s all-out attack had inexplicably vanished. All that remained were the golden array disc and giant furnace that slowly flew back into their hands. However, the array disc and furnace had lost a great deal of their spirituality by now.</p>

  <p>As the two of them saw their own respective weapons return, their bodies froze. From the start, their enemy the Soul Emperor had only stood not too far away in the void, not even taking a single step forwards.</p>

  <p>“How is this possible!?”</p>

  <p>Ink and Clear were bewildered. Their joint attack was enough to instantly and overwhelmingly kill the vast majority of True Divinities. Even though it would be impossible to kill the Soul Emperor like that, their attack still shouldn’t be so weak and pathetic that they couldn’t even touch the hem of his robes!</p>

  <p>“He shifted away Seniors’ attacks!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming suddenly said, a dignified expression on his face. He was clearly aware of what cultivation method the Soul Emperor trained in and what that technique was just now.</p>

  <p>The problem was in the third eye that appeared between the Soul Emperor’s eyebrows. Just now, the space of the Demon God’s Tomb had expanded to an infinite degree from between his eyebrows and swallowed up Ink and Clear’s joint attack.</p>

  <p>“Shifted…”</p>

  <p>After listening to Lin Ming’s words, Ink and Clear gradually realized a possibility, and this possibility caused their complexions to change.</p>

  <p>“What is withstanding your attack is not the Soul Emperor himself, but the world of the Demon God’s Tomb!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s said, his words confirming Ink and Clear’s guess. As they realized this, their hearts sank and despair surged in their mind.</p>

  <p>To use a world to withstand their attacks?</p>

  <p>They could heavily wound the mortal body of the Soul Emperor, but what about destroying a world?</p>

  <p>Although it was said that a True Divinity possessed the ability to destroy worlds, that was only true for low level worlds. When it came to worlds like the 33 Heavens or Dark Abyss, these super universes were worlds that True Divinities simply didn’t possess the ability to destroy.</p>

  <p>And the Demon God’s Tomb was equivalent to a compressed super universe; it had even managed to withstand the great Shattering of the previous universal era!</p>

  <p>How could the power of man possibly destroy such a world?</p>

  <p>If the Soul Emperor could freely shift their attacks into the world of the Demon God’s Tomb, then how could they continue fighting with him? He was already standing in an invincible position!</p>

  <p>Without a doubt, the space of the Demon God’s Tomb was the most perfect and most indestructible defense in existence!</p>

  <p>“Could this move have no limit?” Ink asked, unwilling to admit defeat like this.</p>

  <p>The more powerful a technique, the more restrictions it had; this was true for all abilities. But, this might not be true for the Soul Emperor, because the Demon God’s Tomb was part of his body and what he did just now was equal to using a part of his body to resist their attack.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming said with a sound transmission, ”Seniors, the Soul Emperor had already started the initial fusion with the world of the Demon God’s Tomb. This move shouldn’t have a limit in what it can shift away, but perhaps there is a limit in how long the Soul Emperor can maintain this state…”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming speculated. The basis of this conjecture was that the Soul Emperor hadn’t completed his seclusion and hadn’t thoroughly fused with the Demon God’s Tomb. Moreover, when he fought with him, the Soul Emperor hadn’t used this technique and he even managed to wound the Soul Emperor because of it.</p>

  <p>This shouldn’t be because the Soul Emperor underestimated him but because there was some sort of limit. The Soul Emperor wasn’t willing to use the space of the Demon God’s Tomb from the start, so Lin Ming believe there must be some price involved in order to maintain this space.</p>

  <p>“As long as there is a limit then we just have to last until the end.” Clear said, gritting his teeth. He also had some cards left hidden in his hands.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming said, “I remember that in the Demon God’s Tomb, Senior Immortal Sovereign advised me to never fight with the Soul Emperor in the Demon God’s Tomb unless I possessed the ability to tear apart the world of the Demon God’s Tomb. We naturally don’t have this ability. And just now, the Soul Emperor used the space of the Demon God’s Tomb to absorb your attacks, and I don’t know whether or not he can also suck us into the space of the Demon God’s Tomb…”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s words were like a cold gale drifting up from the nine nether abyss, causing a chill to creep up Ink and Clear’s back.</p>

  <p>To suck everyone into the space of the Demon God’s Tomb?</p>

  <p>This was the same as being a turtle in a jar; anyone who was drawn in would undoubtedly die!</p>

  <p>What should they do?</p>

  <p>Ink and Clear were at a loss. And, all they faced was the Soul Emperor, an avatar of his true form.</p>

  <p>If this were the complete form of the Soul Emperor then he would have an even deeper level of control of the world of the Demon God’s Tomb. If so, just how formidable would he be?</p>

  <p>“Form the array!”</p>

  <p>Ink said, his complexion solemn. He didn’t know whether or not the eye between the Soul Emperor’s eyebrows could suck them in as Lin Ming said, but if he did use such an ability, the consequences would be unimaginable!</p>

  <p>“You think this can stop me? Then, it should be my turn to attack.”</p>

  <p>As the Soul Emperor spoke, his strength began to climb without limit. The eye between his eyebrows expanded to an infinite degree. A black vortex appeared, swallowing in the surrounding heaven and earth origin energy. At the same time, Ink, Clear, Lin Ming, and Sheng Mei all felt a massive suction force pull upon their bodies.</p>

  <p>A horrifying force field fell over them, blocking out their surroundings. This suction force made them feel as if they would soon be drawn into the space of the Demon God’s Tomb.</p>

  <p>Their complexions changed. If the Soul Emperor truly possessed the ability to draw them all into the space of the Demon God’s Tomb, then there was no need to continue this battle.</p>

  <p>All of them would surely die; this was the only outcome.</p>
</body>
</html>