<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 1612 – Copy</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>After the testing array formation activated, dozens of ancient vicious beast simulations conjured up by the illusory magic array appeared. These vicious beasts surrounded Lin Ming, their strengths ranging from the Divine Transformation realm to the World King realm!</p>

  <p>These were merely living targets. Although they had defensive capabilities similar to real vicious beasts, they were not aggressive at all.</p>

  <p>Facing these ancient vicious beasts, Lin Ming calmly activated the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol.</p>

  <p>For a time, dao patterns of the Asura Heavenly Dao wove in the air. With a terrifying explosion, flames swept out like a tide.</p>

  <p>Dozens of ancient vicious beasts were swallowed up by the flames. Over 90% of the vicious beasts were instantly reduced to ash with only several of them surviving the carnage.</p>

  <p>Of the surviving vicious beasts, some were severely burnt. But, there were also several vicious beasts equal to the human late Holy Lord realm or peak Holy Lord realm, and even a World King level vicious beast that wasn’t injured at all.</p>

  <p>In particular, that World King level armored forest dragon still stood tall and proud in the skies, its scales not damaged even the slightest bit.</p>

  <p>Seeing this destructive power, Old Xue didn’t even need to look at the data; he immediately judged the strength of the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol in Lin Ming’s hands. “This is… a Holy Lord level two star destructive power. It’s slightly better than an excellently crafted Havoc Flame Symbol, about a star higher.”</p>

  <p>“It’s quite good.” Old Su nodded.</p>

  <p>Before anyone else could make their judgments, with Lin Ming’s right hand as the center, the numerous dao patterns of the Asura Heavenly Dao rapidly condensed, manifesting back into a new Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol in the blink of an eye!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming didn’t pause; brilliant flames erupted once more.</p>

  <p>Another explosive sound occurred!</p>

  <p>Beside Lin Ming, a terrifying detonation blew up once more!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming had activated the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol a second time!</p>

  <p>All of the several remaining ancient vicious beasts were sucked up into the flames. Sorrowful howls filled the air.</p>

  <p>The late Holy Lord and peak Holy Lord level vicious beasts were charred black by the flames.</p>

  <p>“The second time came so fast!”</p>

  <p>Although the people present had heard that the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol could be used continuously, they never imagined that the gap between uses would be so short.</p>

  <p>But this was only the start. Following this, the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol within Lin Ming’s hand exploded for a third time!</p>

  <p>As the creator of the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol, Lin Ming was the person most familiar with the runic structure within it. Combined with his understanding of the Asura Heavenly Dao as well as his achievements in the seventh level Concept of the Fire Laws, using the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol came as easily as breathing!</p>

  <p>Normally, a martial artist could use the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol four times before the energy within it exhausted itself. Then, the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol would need time to recover energy for its next use.</p>

  <p>But Lin Ming simply didn’t need to do this.</p>

  <p>As Lin Ming used the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol, he continued to fill it with new energy!</p>

  <p>The flames used to create the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol were Lin Ming’s tribulation fire and Xiao Moxian’s nirvanic fire.</p>

  <p>Currently, Lin Ming had these two types of flames.</p>

  <p>Thus, within Lin Ming’s hand, the power displayed by this Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol had an essential difference compared to when it was placed in someone else’s hands.</p>

  <p>Bang! Bang! Bang!</p>

  <p>Within the array formation, a terrifying explosion lit up the world every two breaths of time!</p>

  <p>That dreadful sea of flames swept through the entire array formation. If it weren’t for the protection of that array formation, the entire testing room would have been ruined by the terrifying explosions!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming activated the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol again and again.</p>

  <p>Although this flame symbol was constantly absorbing Lin Ming’s energy, Lin Ming’s strength wasn’t comparable to a two star Holy Lord level attack. To him, keeping up a barrage of this level wasn’t anything at all.</p>

  <p>This was just a well-trained martial artist doing hundreds of pushups without being exhausted.</p>

  <p>Beneath the wild canopy of explosions, besides the World King level ancient beast, every single other vicious beast had been swallowed up by the flames and destroyed.</p>

  <p>This scene left all of the other divine runic masters present speechless. In particular Suya; her eyes were as wide as full moons and she couldn’t find the words to describe this.</p>

  <p>She had read the test reports that Extreme Star Heavenly Palace had sent her about the Nirvanic Flame Tribulation Flame Symbol. It was true that this flame symbol could be used multiple times, but every four times it was used it needed to recharge. It was impossible for it to perform like it did with Lin Ming today, continuously striking out without missing a beat!</p>

  <p>Perhaps this wasn’t just because Lin Ming was the creator of the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol but also because of Lin Ming’s terrifying strength!</p>

  <p>She finally became faintly aware that this youth in front of her, in terms of divine runic arts or strength, had far surpassed her imagination. Right now it was impossible for her to estimate him. His depths were completely concealed, absolutely airtight!</p>

  <p>“Elder Xue… Lin Ming, he… is he really less than 100 years old?”</p>

  <p>Suya glanced at Old Xue. Everything related to Lin Ming had been told to her by Old Xue.</p>

  <p>“His skeletal age indicated so. I think he wouldn’t be so bored as to fake this.”</p>

  <p>Old Xue licked his lips. Over the years he had seen many incidents of a monstrous genius occur around Lin Ming. It was hard for anything Lin Ming did to surprise him now.</p>

  <p>Suya sucked in a deep breath, at a loss for words.</p>

  <p>She suddenly felt that it was a laughable matter when she looked at Lin Ming like he was a little brother.</p>

  <p>The explosions within the array formation were like a violent storm, continuing without a hint of dying down.</p>

  <p>Everyone was keeping quiet count of this intense bombardment in their hearts. Now, after an incense stick of time, more than a hundred explosions had occurred!</p>

  <p>Even that final World King level beast was struck into bloody shape by the barrage of attacks!</p>

  <p>It howled again and again. Its scales were swallowed up by those destructive flames and a great deal of its flesh was burnt black!</p>

  <p>“Could it be… that Lin Ming can burn the World King level ancient vicious beast to death?”</p>

  <p>This thought flashed through the minds of many people present. A human could not compare to the defensive abilities of an ancient vicious beast. Even the bodies of the saints, in terms of defense, were slightly worse than vicious beasts.</p>

  <p>And now, in this situation, it seemed that Lin Ming would really be able to annihilate this vicious beast!</p>

  <p>By this time, the number of explosions had risen to over 200!</p>

  <p>This World King level armored forest dragon was already burnt into a miserable appearance. A large number of red bones had been exposed and also scorched black by the flames.</p>

  <p>Finally, with a miserable wail it fell to the ground, surrounded by flames!</p>

  <p>With a slight cracking sound, the armored forest dragon turned into endless motes of light and vanished.</p>

  <p>Like this, all of the vicious beasts within the array formation had been completely destroyed by Lin Ming’s Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol!</p>

  <p>“How terrifying, even that World King level vicious beast was killed! This is only a fourth grade divine runic symbol!”</p>

  <p>Although Lin Ming had relied on multiple attacks to achieve this, to use a fourth grade divine runic symbol to kill a World King vicious beast was far too amazing. Ordinarily speaking, only a sixth grade divine runic symbol could accomplish his.</p>

  <p>Within the array formation, even though all of the vicious beasts had disappeared, the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol within Lin Ming’s hands continued to explode another 150 some times. Only then did the sea of flames finally die down before vanishing.</p>

  <p>Thus, the test had ended.</p>

  <p>“412 times!”</p>

  <p>After the flames within the array formation dissipated, some people spouted out this number. How was this testing divine runic symbols? This was more like setting off firecrackers!</p>

  <p>Many divine runic masters looked at each other and gulped. They heard that Lin Ming had created a Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol that could be used multiple times but they never imagined this would be over 400 times.</p>

  <p>The price of a Havoc Flame Symbol was at the top of fourth grade divine runic symbols. If the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol was equal to 400 some Havoc Flame Symbols, then he was rich!</p>

  <p>Many people soon realized this and Suya was no exception. She sighed. When Extreme Star Heavenly Palace had done their own tests, the upper limits of use was only 200-300 times. The reason that Lin Ming could use it over 400 times was clearly because he understood the runic structure of the Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol.</p>

  <p>“I wonder how headquarters’ copying plan is coming along.” Suya thought as she watched Lin Ming walk down from the testing array formation, his face not even slightly reddened. An inexplicable feeling of dread appeared in her heart. She feared that this Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol wasn’t as simple as it seemed. If Lin Ming dared to put it forth in such a grandiose manner, would it truly be so easy to copy?</p>

  <p>“This Lin Ming… I really have no idea what depths he is hiding!”</p>

  <p>Suya was increasingly awed by Lin Ming. And at this time, Lin Ming revealed a toothy smile as he asked, “Everyone, is there anyone that would like to buy this Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol? I only accept contribution points. You can purchase one alone or in batches; the highest bid wins!”</p>

  <p>With these words, the entire audience of divine runic masters was left stunned…</p>

  <p>…..</p>

  <p>At this time, a hundred million miles away, in Extreme Star Heavenly Palace’s seventh grade divine runic room –</p>

  <p>Grandmaster Overflow had been locked in battle with this Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol for the last two days and one night.</p>

  <p>During this time, Grandmaster Overflow didn’t rest at all. He sat motionless in front of the divine runic table, using all sorts of methods to analyze this fourth grade divine runic symbol!</p>

  <p>From the start where he didn’t expect much at all, to the time when his interest was aroused by the unique structure of this divine runic symbol, and now through two days of battling, Grandmaster Overflow’s complexion became increasingly dignified.</p>

  <p>He could clearly feel that this Nirvanic Tribulation Flame Symbol was unusually troublesome.</p>

  <p>However, the more difficult things were the more it stirred his fighting spirit. He believed that he was amongst the best rune breakers within the profession of dark divine runic masters. In this world, besides seventh grade divine runic symbols which were only a problem because of the limit of his cultivation, there was nothing he couldn’t unravel. Whether it was a fourth grade, fifth grade, or sixth grade divine runic symbol, he could open any lock.</p>

  <p>These were the thoughts in Overflow’s mind.</p>

  <p>He was a considerably prideful person.</p>

  <p>And now, Overflow had already been defeated by this fourth grade divine runic symbol many times. At this time, two jade slips were placed in front of him.</p>

  <p>All sorts of calculations and deductions were recorded within these two jade slips. Overflow used his special inheritance to analyze the rune structure of the divine runic symbol. Every time he did so he had to make a massive number of calculations.</p>

  <p>However, the results obtained from these deductions left Overflow feeling strange. He didn’t know whether or not these results were right, and just what he could draw up if he followed these results.</p>
</body>
</html>