<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <script src="../pogey.js"></script>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 1513 - More and More Murder</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>“A World King powerhouse died by my hands!”</p>

  <p>At this time, Lin Ming’s blood was still tumbling within his body. He had yet to fully recover from that violent collision just now.</p>

  <p>This was the first World King that Lin Ming had killed, but it wouldn’t be the last. This was because before long, he would have to face the next World King!</p>

  <p>That would be a truly savage battle. Either they would die, or he would perish!</p>

  <p>“Old… Old Zhou…”</p>

  <p>Not too far away from where Mister Zhou had miserably died, the half-step World King that was barely managing to live watched helplessly as everything occurring around him. His two eyes were already dull and glazed over.</p>

  <p>When he saw Lin Ming block Mister Zhou’s all-out strike he felt as if he were living in some sort of dream. In that maniacal clash of energy, Lin Ming and Mister Zhou had both been sent flying backwards. However, Lin Ming had avoided the murderous black divine light, and as for Mister Zhou, he had died a horrible death!</p>

  <p>“This Lin Ming is simply a demon…”</p>

  <p>This was the half-step World King’s last thought. Within a breath of time of Mister Zhou’s death, the 108 iron-armored spectral soldiers rushed over to the altar and hacked him to meat sauce!</p>

  <p>Like this, the squad that Mister Zhou led here had been completely annihilated!</p>

  <p>However, Lin Ming didn’t relax at all. He looked over to those 108 iron-armored spectral soldiers that were approaching.</p>

  <p>Chik chik chik!</p>

  <p>After the iron-armored spectral soldiers killed the last saint race martial artist, they turned in unison to Lin Ming and pointed their weapons at him.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s heart tightened. He slowly retreated, but the 108 iron-armored spectral soldiers continued to press down on him!</p>

  <p>He had expected this situation from the very start. Every time he took a step he was able to step on a life zone of the black stone altar’s dao patterns in order to avoid that terrifying black light. But, these iron-armored spectral soldiers were different. Once they were activated, it was hard to say whether or not they would attack him!</p>

  <p>In order to minimize the danger, from the start Lin Ming had never disturbed the grave of Blue Throne Bai Qi. Instead, he used words to provoke Mister Zhou into action.</p>

  <p>Otherwise, if he only wanted to activate the great array formation here, Lin Ming wouldn’t even have tried to goad his enemies but would have directly attacked them.</p>

  <p>The iron-armored spectral soldiers approached closer, step by step. Lin Ming held his breath, his palms wet with sweat.</p>

  <p>“Asura Heavenly Dao, Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming lifted his hands. Behind him, a brilliantly red wheel appeared. This wheel was engraved with innumerable demons and Asura phantoms. Runes covered its surface, just like the runes that covered the surface of the ancient bronze coffin in the God Beast Tomb array formation. This wheel was thick with the smell of blood and slaughter!</p>

  <p>The so-called Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel was the 10,000 life and death samsaras experienced by 10,000 demons. The pain that these demons suffered in their 10,000 samsaras, their sins, the heavenly tribulations they faced, all of their karma was carved into a wheel and condensed into infinite demonic power. This was an offensive and defensive technique!</p>

  <p>However, the reason Lin Ming used the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel was not to attack or defend. He was well aware that with his limited strength it was simply impossible for him to oppose these 108 iron-armored spectral soldiers. Even if he were to hide within Primordius Heavenly Palace, he would have to face the barrage of attacks from the great array formation. Sooner or later, Primordius Heavenly Palace would run out of energy and he would be in the same dead end as before.</p>

  <p>The only way out of this predicament for Lin Ming was to use the power of the Asura Heavenly Dao and obtain the approval of Blue Throne Bai Qi’s array formation.</p>

  <p>The Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel slowly spun. In the moment that a tide of great demonic power surged out, the 108 iron-armored spectral soldiers froze. The weapons in their hands also slowed down. Their blazing red eyes all focused on the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel above Lin Ming. Those 108 iron-armored spectral soldiers had been demons before their death, and they had a natural sense of awe and subservience upon seeing this Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming held his breath, keeping completely still. This sort of feeling was just like a common mortal facing 108 vicious tigers. A single careless move would mean a fate where he didn’t even have bones remaining!</p>

  <p>This stalemate lasted for a dozen some breaths of time. To Lin Ming, this time was as long as hours. Then, from the black stone altar, beams of black light shot out. Black lights each struck an iron-armored spectral soldier, and these iron-armored spectral soldiers that were struck immediately returned to being black stone sculptures.</p>

  <p>In a short period of time, the 108 iron-armored spectral soldiers completely transformed into black sculptures and gathered again around the black stone altar. The sealed off space crack also re-opened.</p>

  <p>One difference was that these 108 iron-armored spectral soldiers were in different positions from before. And, the blazing red light in their eyes hadn’t yet gone out. This proved that the array formation was still in an active state.</p>

  <p>“I’m safe… for now!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming let out a long sigh of relief, his body dripping with sweat. To face such a close encounter with death, the pressure on him had been great.</p>

  <p>Stepping on the life zone dao patterns, Lin Ming stepped off the black stone altar. He used black flames to eliminate the pieces of meat and blood on the ground. After that, he removed all traces of combat and also received Mister Zhou’s spatial ring and treasures that he dropped. Then, like a ghost, he flitted back to the shadow of the great array formation, waiting in ambush yet again.</p>

  <p>He was like a wolf hiding in the dark, waiting for his prey.</p>

  <p>He also summoned Primordius Heavenly Palace. This Heavenly Palace contained the Laws of Space and Time and was able to shrink and grow as he pleased. Currently, Primordius Heavenly Palace was only the size of a table. Lin Ming placed it atop a life zone of the black stone altar’s dao patterns, and then with a flash, Lin Ming’s figure submerged into it.</p>

  <p>As soon as Lin Ming entered Primordius Heavenly Palace he relaxed his body. He immediately began to swallow down pills, sitting down in meditation to control his breathing. He was fully aware that the battle he experienced just now was only the appetizer. Soon, he would have to face more battles, in addition to the extremely deep Tian Mingzi. Lin Ming felt a sense of dread when he thought of Tian Mingzi; he had to adjust himself to his peak condition to face him.</p>

  <p>After an incense stick of time, Lin Ming opened his eyes from meditation. He saw Xiao Moxian sitting not too far away from him. When Xiao Moxian had entered Lin Ming’s inner world, she also entered Primordius Heavenly Palace within him.</p>

  <p>At this time, Xiao Moxian was leaning back in a chair, her long legs propped up on a stone bench. Her snow white thighs were vivacious, filled with the vitality of youth.</p>

  <p>“I didn’t imagine you would also have this kind of move.” Xiao Moxian chuckled. For a time, it was like spring had arrived.</p>

  <p>She was referring to when Lin Ming had stood atop the black stone altar and had mercilessly taunted and enraged the saint race martial artists. This sort of Lin Ming was simply far too different from how he was normally.</p>

  <p>“The situation required it.” Lin Ming wryly smiled.</p>

  <p>“Well, nice acting!” Xiao Moxian leapt down from her chair. “What are we going to do next?”</p>

  <p>“Wait.”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming didn’t have any better methods. Bai Qi’s tomb was an extremely dire and ominous place, but not every spot in this hall was dangerous.</p>

  <p>The black stone altar was likely to be where Bai Qi was buried. If Bai Qi’s corpse was really interred there, then that black stone altar was undoubtedly the most important place in the entire tomb as well as the most dangerous place. To wait there was the wisest and safest choice.</p>

  <p>“The absolute killing array here can identify my Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel. Moreover, those 108 iron-armored spectral soldiers are not a force that Tian Mingzi can deal with. If we’re here, we can control the battlefield. However, there’s just something I’m worried about…”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming faintly frowned as he spoke.</p>

  <p>“What are you worried about?”</p>

  <p>“I’m worried that Tian Mingzi might have some hidden card in hand or perhaps he might be plotting something else. When we left Tragic Death Valley, we stepped into the tracking array formation that he laid down and we have his tracking mark within us! The area outside of Bai Qi’s grave isn’t too dangerous. By all rights, with Tian Mingzi’s strength, he should have caught up to us by now. If so, then the first ones to come here shouldn’t have been that one called Mister Zhou, but Tian Mingzi!</p>

  <p>“Besides Tian Mingzi there is also Imperial Prince Naqi. Imperial Prince Naqi wasn’t with that Mister Zhou fellow, so there can only be two possibilities. Perhaps he never came to God Burying Ridge, or perhaps there is someone even stronger protecting him. That person might be Tian Mingzi or it might be someone else!”</p>

  <p>In Lin Ming’s opinion, Imperial Prince Naqi had an extremely important role in the saint race. Generally speaking, Imperial Prince Naqi should also be the most closely guarded.</p>

  <p>Tian Mingzi was a Great World King. In terms of strength, he was much better than Mister Zhou. However, he wasn’t a saint after all and anyone would find it hard to trust in others that weren’t of their race. With the saint race’s naturally arrogant and suspicious minds, Imperial Prince Naqi most likely wouldn’t seek out protection beneath the wing of Tian Mingzi, but with Mister Zhou. However, he didn’t do this. This caused Lin Ming to suspect that during his time in Tragic Death Valley, Imperial Prince Naqi had found an even stronger helper.</p>

  <p>As Lin Ming was thinking this, the warning array he left outside of the black stone altar was touched. At this time, the warning array was directly shattered. Lin Ming’s thoughts turned cold. Someone had come, and they were apparently much stronger than Mister Zhou!</p>
</body>
</html>