<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <script src="../pogey.js"></script>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 1911 – The Final Counterattack</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>“Damn it!”</p>

  <p>On the Ark of Hope, the ancient race Empyreans felt their hearts surge with despair. The bone dragon tentacles shooting out from Famine were extremely powerful. Just a single bone dragon couldn’t be severed even with the all-out attack of a peak Empyrean. Not just that, but there were dozens of bone dragons tying down the Ark of Hope. It would be impossible to break free!</p>

  <p>“What do we do?” The ancient race martial artists were worried. Many people looked towards the old God Sovereign. In this critical moment, this old man that was on the verge of death was still the spiritual leader of everyone present.</p>

  <p>“Don’t panic!” The old God Sovereign took a deep breath. At the crux of life and death, the old God Sovereign’s voice seemed to possess a strange and mesmerizing charm that calmed everyone down. “We still have a chance, and it is also our final chance…”</p>

  <p>The old God Sovereign took out the final Asura Decree – the word of Sealing!</p>

  <p>Of the three Asura Decrees there was – the offensive ‘Word of Striking’, the supportive ‘Word of Faith’, and the final sealing ‘Word of Sealing’.</p>

  <p>But sealing…</p>

  <p>In the minds of those present, the word of Sealing was the weakest of the three Asura Decrees, because it had a weak striking power that could only be used to imprison.</p>

  <p>By relying on the word of Sealing, could they reverse the course of fate?</p>

  <p>At this time in the void, the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign had begun his final attack!</p>

  <p>The Grandmist Spirit Bead was like a black hole. It floated above the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s head, seething with power!</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign spread his arms, allowing energy to recklessly bathe his body. His long hair flew upwards!</p>

  <p>On the surface of his body strange curse seals appeared, each curse seal matching those on the Grandmist Spirit Bead!</p>

  <p>“Primordius, ancient remnant races, allow me to use this Grandmist Spirit Bead to deliver you all onto the road to hell!”</p>

  <p>The Grandmist Spirit Bead emitted a misty red light. The void twisted apart as a horrifying suction force gushed outwards!</p>

  <p>Empyrean Primordius howled. On the precipice of life and death, he began to recklessly burn his blood essence. As an abyssal demon and an Empyrean who had opened the Nine Stars of the Dao Palace, he possessed an incredibly powerful mortal body. Now that he burnt all his blood essence, the strength that erupted from him could be imagined!</p>

  <p>Bang!</p>

  <p>Grandmist energy and the power of an abyssal erupted together. But, in the face of the terrifying aura released by the Grandmist Spirit Bead, the strength released by Empyrean Primordius was like a firefly to the bright night moon, simply insignificant.</p>

  <p>In the void, the vortex of the Grandmist Spirit Bead became increasingly strong. All of the nearby martial artists in space felt this dreadful swallowing force that seemed to pull at their blood essence, wanting to pull out all the blood from their bodies!</p>

  <p>The Grandmist Spirit Bead was the divine tool that represented ‘essence’. It could swallow flesh and blood, but it wasn’t limited to that alone.</p>

  <p>This was because within the universe, essence, energy, and divine separately represented matter, energy, and the Heavenly Dao.</p>

  <p>As for ‘essence’, that corresponded to all matter and physical things in the universe.</p>

  <p>Now, with the Grandmist Spirit Bead being used by the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign, it could swallow all matter of creation!</p>

  <p>Any strength, any light could not escape this swallowing force. It was like a limitless black hole, possessing a terrifying mystic strength.</p>

  <p>Paka! Paka!</p>

  <p>The surrounding space shattered in massive tracts. The greatest strength released by Empyrean Primordius was only able to faintly slow the Grandmist Spirit Bead for a moment before no longer having any effect.</p>

  <p>“We must evacuate!”</p>

  <p>The saint Empyreans that helped seal off the Ark of Hope were frightened upon seeing the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign use the power of the Grandmist Spirit Bead. They were scared they would be drawn into that black hole and perish without a trace!</p>

  <p>……</p>

  <p>“It’s time. This is our final chance…”</p>

  <p>On the Ark of Hope, the old God Sovereign took out the word of Sealing god decree.</p>

  <p>“I will join you…”</p>

  <p>The old celestial Patriarch stood up. He could already see that the old God Sovereign planned to sacrifice himself and combust this god decree.</p>

  <p>But the old God Sovereign himself was insufficient.</p>

  <p>“It’s been almost 100 million years. I will accompany you… on this final journey!”</p>

  <p>The celestial Patriarch smiled as he slowly walked up to the old God Sovereign’s side.</p>

  <p>Seeing this, the ancient race powerhouses all looked dispirited.</p>

  <p>Diwuhen and To Bagui shivered. Tears streamed down Smokeless’ face. Lin Ming closed his eyes. They all wanted to say something, but in the end they remained quiet.</p>

  <p>Because at this time, there was no more meaning in saying anything at all.</p>

  <p>The word of Sealing Asura Decree slowly flew up between the old God Sovereign and the celestial Patriarch.</p>

  <p>The two old men flew up into the void.</p>

  <p>The celestial Patriarch looked at the old God Sovereign and said, “When we were young we explored the Primeval Realm Ruins together. In our lives, I can’t remember the number of times we’ve battled side by side. Even when we had to fight each other, it was for our own people. However… I’ve always been slightly worse than you…”</p>

  <p>The old God Sovereign shook his head. “It’s in the past. Today we shall fight together once more, and it will also be our last time…”</p>

  <p>Speaking here, the two old men smiled, their smiles bright and confident. The god decree glowed brighter and brighter. The old God Sovereign closed his eyes, saying, “I’ll have to rely on you. I don’t have much strength left.”</p>

  <p>“I know.”</p>

  <p>After speaking these words, the two old men that stood at the pinnacle of the ancient races began to combust like two blazing suns. Their life’s essence energy continuously streamed out from every pore of their body, merging into the black Asura Decree.</p>

  <p>With every wisp of life essence, the god decree lit up more and more. Slowly, it became blinding. But as for the bodies of the two leaders, they began to stiffen like stone and slowly disintegrate.</p>

  <p>The black god decree began to expand at an incredible rate. Ancient and plain runes appeared, each one containing a vast and boundless power. A will from a far off time burst out from the rays of black light.</p>

  <p>These rays of light brought with them the infinite aura of an Asura war god, possessing the power of a bottomless prison.</p>

  <p>Hum –</p>

  <p>Space shivered. As the black light spread out, even space seemed to be forcefully sealed away. Light, dust, all matter and energy and even the most root source Laws began to freeze solid, becoming like pitch black ice. This sight left the heart racing.</p>

  <p>With a rustling sound, the bodies of the two old men collapsed and disintegrated into the air. The last wisps of their boundless life force and essence energy merged into the dazzling god decree.</p>

  <p>Bang!</p>

  <p>The god decree vanished from sight. Instead, what was left behind was a profound darkness, filled with black tentacles as dark as the void that roiled about, innumerable.</p>

  <p>These tentacles had trillions of runes shining upon them. They pierced through the void, surging forwards…</p>

  <p>All of the ancient remnant race martial artists felt their hearts weighed down by sorrow. This was a strike traded for with the lives of the leaders from two different races.</p>

  <p>The two old leaders no longer needed to command this battle because their mission had been completed. If they could not win this battle then there was no meaning to exist. And if they could win, then the ancient remnant races would be able to escape even without their guidance, fleeing to open skies.</p>

  <p>…….</p>

  <p>“Just die!” A cold and cruel smile appeared on the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s lips. He pressed his hands forwards, pouring all of his strength into the Grandmist Spirit Bead.</p>

  <p>Bang!</p>

  <p>The power of the Grandmist Spirit Bead rose once more, completely crushing the defensive barriers that Primordius tried to put up. The black vortex grew larger and larger, eventually turning into a massive thousand miles black sphere that could consume all of creation!</p>

  <p>Energy shock waves spread outwards like tens of thousands of stars exploding together. Like a boiling tide, all nearby planets started to blow apart one at a time. Even many nearby spirit ships began to flee, lest they be sucked into the vortex.</p>

  <p>The black hole formed by the Grandmist Spirit Bead would expand without end until it swallowed all.</p>

  <p>Even the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign had to consume a tremendous amount of energy in order to use this power that could reverse the heavens and earth. He had to overdraw his strength and even then he found it difficult to control.</p>

  <p>But just as Empyrean Primordius was covered by this black hole, a strange and formidable dark strength hurtled out from the Ark of Hope!</p>

  <p>This dark strength blotted out the heavens, overwhelming the world. It was like a black sun with countless black tentacles spreading out from it.</p>

  <p>As it appeared, vast tracts of surrounding space were instantly imprisoned. Even pure energy shock waves were frozen solid. Even Famine, even the Grandmist Spirit Bead, everything was tightly wrapped up in this sheer pitch black darkness.</p>

  <p>“Mm? This is…!!” The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign detected that something was wrong. He discovered that this strange pitch black strength contained an inexplicable divine sealing ability. It was somewhat similar to the Grandmist Spirit Bead in that it shared characteristics with a black hole, but it was actually different from a black hole!</p>

  <p>The Grandmist Spirit Bead was a swallowing power, but this dark strength was a seal!</p>

  <p>It sealed everything away into a black space, and this space also began to rapidly shrink!</p>

  <p>“Asura Decree!?!?”</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s heart shook. Such a terrifying strength could only be achieved by an Asura Decree!</p>

  <p>Although the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign knew that the primal god race had few god decrees personally drawn up by the Asura Road Master, he actually wasn’t sure what effects they had or what they were used for.</p>

  <p>But now, it seemed that the function of this god decree was to create a divine natural space that surpassed the Laws of the 33 Heavens and sealed away all enemies within.</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign had already been imprisoned and was unable to dodge at all. And worst of all, even the completely berserk Grandmist Spirit Bead black hole would be sealed away with him!</p>

  <p>“Damn it all!”</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign finally understood the plan of the ancient remnant races. He was so angry he wanted to smash his feet against a boulder!</p>

  <p>“Break for me!”</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign was incensed. He no longer cared for Empyrean Primordius but instead stimulated the Grandmist Spirit Bead black hole to its limits in order to break free from this divine natural space!</p>

  <p>Ka ka ka!</p>

  <p>The black hole and spatial barriers collided together. A terrifying and mind-boggling level of energy erupted. The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign wanted to forcefully break free from this Asura Decree!</p>

  <p>For a time, space seemed to be completely swallowed up.</p>

  <p>Then, from the god decree left behind by the Asura Road Master, an unexpected shattering sound rang out, as if it would soon shatter!</p>

  <p>After the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign fused together with Famine, and also with using the power of the Grandmist Spirit Bead, he could almost break open an Asura Decree!</p>

  <p>“You want to seal me away? Keep on dreaming!”</p>

  <p>A cruel and merciless light shined in the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s eyes. But in the next moment, his complexion changed. He watched helplessly on as a towering black demon hurtled towards him at full speed!</p>

  <p>Empyrean Primordius was also covered by the word of Sealing. When the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign stimulated the Grandmist Spirit Bead black hole to its limits in order to break free from the imprisonment of the divine natural space, Empyrean Primordius had also been freed from the shackles of the black hole. Now, this was his chance to rush forwards.</p>

  <p>Yet this time, his target was no longer Famine, but the main body of the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign!</p>
</body>
</html>