<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 1703 – Deal</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>But at this moment, Lin Ming didn’t have time to think about why Soul Empress Sheng Mei didn’t come here to subdue the Black Dragon Spear. The thick black fog had already surrounded him.</p>

  <p>With a sizzling sound, even space itself was being melted away by the black fog!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming was covered within the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel domain, completely separated from the world. In his field of vision, the Divine Void Crown Prince and Duke Fullmoon had both vanished.</p>

  <p>“He’s been surrounded by that black fog!” Ten thousand feet away, the Divine Void Crown Prince saw all of this happening, a sharp light shining in his eyes! “This brat, I have no idea what sort of mental problems he has. If he used a puppet to draw out the Black Dragon phantom then we’d still have to put in a great deal of effort, but now that he has been directly sucked up by the black fog, that is much more convenient for us. That black fog has a terrifying corrosive attribute, and any flesh and blood that touches it will instantly be dissolved into goo. When Juku was covered in that black fog, he instantly withered away to nothing but skin and bones!”</p>

  <p>Juku’s strength was similar to that of a World King. The Divine Void Crown Prince didn’t doubt that Lin Ming was stronger than Juku, but no matter how strong Lin Ming was he wouldn’t be stronger than a half-step Empyrean. As long as he was covered by that black fog, it would be impossibly difficult for him to escape unscathed.</p>

  <p>Standing beside the Divine Void Crown Prince, Duke Fullmoon also looked on with disbelief etched on his face. “Something’s wrong. This Lin Ming is a freakishly monstrous genius, so how would he die so easily?”</p>

  <p>Duke Fullmoon muttered. His sense was blocked out by that black fog so it was impossible for him to probe Lin Ming’s situation.</p>

  <p>The Divine Void Crown Prince said, “He definitely won’t die so easily. I think he must have some sort of special technique and wants to rely on this to struggle with the Black Dragon Spear. However, he likely doesn’t know just how fierce that dragon spear actually is. In the fourth level of this final trial, what is tested is not just talent, but also one’s cultivation!”</p>

  <p>The final trial’s first, second, and fourth level were trials that didn’t discriminate. Those with higher cultivations would be able to profit more.</p>

  <p>As for the Gate of Laws, that was a test of talent. Those with a younger skeletal age would have an advantage.</p>

  <p>In the Divine Void Crown Prince’s eyes, Lin Ming was truly a monstrous talented genius, but in terms of cultivation and combat strength, Lin Ming likely wasn’t much better than they were. If he were to encounter a ghostly spirit treasure like this Black Dragon Spear, he would fall into crisis along with the rest of them.</p>

  <p>Even if he had some special card in hand that he could use to escape, he would likely come out half-dead. At that time, it would be far easier for them to eliminate Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming underestimated his opponent too much. He is young and full of daring energy, so he likely hasn’t received many setbacks on his way to where he is. He thinks that no one can match him in this world, that he can obtain anything he wants!”</p>

  <p>“We must prepare our attacks. At this time, we absolutely cannot allow Lin Ming to escape! Everyone, use your ultimate techniques, whatever trump cards you have hidden up your sleeves! This is our good fortune!”</p>

  <p>It wasn’t just the Divine Void Crown Prince, but Bigflame was also making his preparations. If Lin Ming was swallowed up by that black fog and reduced to dregs then that would be far better for them, but if Lin Ming managed to wriggle his way loose then they would display a thunderous barrage of attacks to exterminate him!</p>

  <p>At this time, they all brought out their ultimate techniques without holding anything back. And to give them their due, each of these people had astonishing methods!</p>

  <p>They were people that came from True Divinity influences and would always have some final trump card for desperate situations. Even if Lin Ming was in his peak state and facing these four people, he would have to evade their all-out attack. If he were to meet their barrage head on he would die or be severely wounded!</p>

  <p>Chi chi chi!</p>

  <p>A terrifying amount of energy began to slowly brew in the hands of the four people.</p>

  <p>The Divine Void Crown Prince took out an incarnation jade slip. This jade slip possessed the avatar phantom of an Empyrean. However, in order to activate this incarnation, that would depend on the Divine Void Crown Prince’s cultivation and strength.</p>

  <p>As for Bigflame, he took out a strange little flag. This small flag burned with vague black flames; it was clear that this was some terrifying treasure!</p>

  <p>Although Duke Fullmoon and the silver-armored warrior possessed trump cards that were inferior to those of the Divine Void Crown Prince and Bigflame, what they had still allowed them to increase their overall strength by half over their peak state for a short period of time!</p>

  <p>With these four attacks striking together, even a peak Great World King would have to earnestly face it without any hint of holding back!</p>

  <p>And at this time, 10,000 feet away, the black fog sent out by the Black Dragon Spear became increasingly strong and thick.</p>

  <p>This black fog carried with it a demonic energy, and as the Divine Void Crown Prince said, it also possessed a dreadful corrosive attribute. If a World King were to touch it they would immediately die, without any chance of survival! If the Divine Void Crown Prince or Bigflame were to have any part of their body be tainted by this energy they would have to cut off that body part lest their entire body rot away!</p>

  <p>Although Lin Ming was stronger than the Divine Void Crown Prince, he wasn’t ridiculously stronger. Facing this black fog, he also wasn’t able to withstand it with his mortal body.</p>

  <p>Thus, Lin Ming summoned his own Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel!</p>

  <p>The black fog around the Black Dragon phantom was the power of Laws gathered by the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel. Moreover, the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel used by the Black Dragon phantom was incomplete.</p>

  <p>Now, the complete Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel summoned by Lin Ming was the ultimate nemesis of this black fog!</p>

  <p>Wu – wu – wu –</p>

  <p>Countless demonic phantoms rapidly spun within the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel. On the surface of the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel, a giant black vortex appeared. A massive amount of the demon energy left behind by the powerhouses that died here, their force fields, will, remnant souls, everything was recklessly sucked in by Lin Ming’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming was using his own Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel to wildly plunder the demonic essence within the Black Dragon phantom’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel!</p>

  <p>Seeing this occur, the Black Dragon phantom was enraged!</p>

  <p>This demonic energy essence was gathered from slaughtering countless outstanding geniuses over the course of billions of years, and yet this energy was being wantonly swallowed up by Lin Ming! How could it not be angry!</p>

  <p>“Stop!!!”</p>

  <p>With a roar, the black fog in front of Lin Ming distorted, condensing into the form of a cruel and wicked dragon, its eyes blood red and its expression fierce and grotesque!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming remained unmoved and the motions of his hands didn’t slow. At the same time, the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel separated him and this Black Dragon phantom, forming a shield that blocked it off.</p>

  <p>“You are seeking death!”</p>

  <p>The Black Dragon phantom roared, opening its jaws and spitting out blood red runes. These runes spun through the void, dazzling to the eyes.</p>

  <p>“I curse you! I curse your cultivation to fall, your blood essence to be severed!</p>

  <p>“I curse you! I curse you forever, to perish for eternity, to never have a peaceful end!</p>

  <p>“I curse you! I curse you to perish here, for your soul to suffer the agony of 10,000 lives in hell!”</p>

  <p>The Black Dragon phantom loudly chanted. These blood runes it spat out were actually a secret curse technique!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s pupils shrank and he traced his spatial ring, pulling out three deep red divine runic symbols. Without hesitation, he crumbled all three divine runic symbols together!</p>

  <p>Rumble rumble rumble!</p>

  <p>Terrifying waves of thunder and flame wildly surged outwards, producing a cataclysmic explosion!</p>

  <p>These three divine runic symbols were Heretical God Symbols that Lin Ming had drawn up. A normal Heretical God Symbol could be used several times, but the Heretical God Symbols that Lin Ming prepared for this final trial could only be used once.</p>

  <p>He had concentrated every ounce of strength of the Heretical God Symbol into a single use. With this, the might of this Heretical God Symbol was twice that of an ordinary one!</p>

  <p>Now that Lin Ming burned three Heretical God Symbols together, an unimaginable amount of energy erupted!</p>

  <p>The power of thunder and fire swelled outwards like a tsunami! Whether it was thunder or flames, they were strengths that suppressed dark and ghostly powers the most. All of the curse seals that floated in the air were torn to nothing by Lin Ming’s power of thunder and fire!</p>

  <p>At the same time, changes began to occur around Lin Ming’s body. The curse seals covering his face became deeper and brighter in color. Black scales appeared on his body. With a punch of his fist, the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel howled outwards!</p>

  <p>After throwing out three Heretical God Symbols, Lin Ming launched another attack with his body. This was the advantage of divine runic symbols; they minimized the strength that a martial artist used!</p>

  <p>Whorl whorl whorl!</p>

  <p>The Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel wildly spun about. Like a massive spinning saw, it went slashing down at the Black Dragon phantom!</p>

  <p>The Black Dragon phantom was violently angered. As it looked at Lin Ming’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel, it reached out with its claws!</p>

  <p>Ka ka ka!</p>

  <p>The Black Dragon phantom’s claws crashed into the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel. With a loud sound, black light transmitted in all directions!</p>

  <p>The Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel was a tyrant that suppressed forces like ghosts, demonic spirits, and will bodies. And, this Black Dragon phantom was nothing but a body of will; it simply wasn’t able to do anything to the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel. As it lashed out with its claws, the most it could do was just barely manage to send Lin Ming’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel spinning away. As for its claws, they dimmed down. It was clear that it suffered considerable damage just now.</p>

  <p>“Who are you, where are you from? Why would you understand the Asura Heavenly Dao!?”</p>

  <p>The Black Dragon phantom’s eyes were icy cold. The atmosphere around it became increasingly fierce and dangerous as it burned more and more demonic energy within its body, seeming as if it would go all-out at any moment!</p>

  <p>The Black Dragon phantom never imagined that it would encounter someone who understood the Asura Heavenly Dao. Because of this, it was being suppressed in every aspect!</p>

  <p>It wasn’t too strong in itself. Its strength lay in the demonic energy that it had gathered over billions of years – in other words, the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel. By using the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel, it was able to melt away the flesh and blood of its enemies.</p>

  <p>The heavier the demonic energy gathered by the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel, the stronger it would become. Moreover, the Black Dragon phantom had only killed outstanding geniuses. With such a terrifying level of demonic energy gathered onto it, even someone like Juku had instantly died!</p>

  <p>But Lin Ming wasn’t affected by these tricks. Lin Ming also possessed the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel and his boundary of the Laws was higher. Because of this, the demonic energy released by the Black Dragon phantom became Lin Ming’s vitalizing tonic instead!</p>

  <p>“And where did you come from? Your Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel, where did you learn it?”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming asked in reply. As he spoke, the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel in his hands sucked in more and more demonic energy condensed by the Black Dragon phantom. This caused Lin Ming’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel to become increasingly lifelike, increasingly powerful!</p>

  <p>Seeing this, the Black Dragon phantom’s eyes turned bright red as if they would drip blood at any moment. “I am the guardian of the Black Dragon Spear! Stop your actions now, otherwise I will kill you even if I must sacrifice all my cultivation!”</p>

  <p>As the Black Dragon phantom roared, Lin Ming simply sneered, not caring about such threats. However, the movements of his hands indeed slowed down and the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel’s absorption of the surrounding demonic energy nearly came to a halt. “I’m fine to stop here, but I want to make a deal with you!”</p>

  <p>“Deal? Fine, then give me the complete Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel cultivation method!”</p>

  <p>As the Black Dragon phantom spoke, both fear and greed filled its eyes as it looked at the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel in Lin Ming’s hands. It recognized that Lin Ming’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel was clearly of a much higher boundary in Laws and completion!</p>

  <p>The Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel was far too significant for the Black Dragon phantom in gathering demonic energy; it naturally wanted the complete cultivation method.</p>
</body>
</html>