<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 1878 – New</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>The god decrees had existed for so many billions of years and yet no one had been able to completely understand them, much less improve or copy them.</p>

  <p>But now, reality was laid out before them. Lin Ming had actually referenced the three upper True Divinity god decrees to transform an ordinary True Divinity god decree. This was simply incredible!</p>

  <p>Let alone To Bagui, even the god race’s old God Sovereign was utterly shocked.</p>

  <p>The old God Sovereign had lived for innumerable years and his judgment had reached a nearly omniscient level. He intuitively felt that Lin Ming was extraordinary.</p>

  <p>But no matter what his intuition told him, he never would have imagined that Lin Ming could repair god decrees.</p>

  <p>The light bloomed increasingly strongly, completely covering Lin Ming within it. The mysterious Asura Law runes danced in the air. Lin Ming’s hands raced through the skies, the speed of his movements becoming faster and faster!</p>

  <p>Beneath the gaze of all present, the energy fluctuations within Lin Ming’s god decree also became increasingly strong!</p>

  <p>In terms of energy, it would soon reach the three god decrees brought by To Bagui!</p>

  <p>At this time the celestial powerhouses could no longer sit still.</p>

  <p>For the ancient remnant races, these god decrees were incomparably precious. Using one meant one less in existence. Yet, they could be transformed by a Holy Lord junior?</p>

  <p>The upper True Divinity god decrees brought by the celestials, ones that they were almost unwilling to give up, were now almost similar in energy fluctuations to an ordinary True Divinity god decree that had been fiddled around with by Lin Ming. Didn’t this mean that their previous protection and worship of these upper True Divinity god decrees was nothing but a joke?</p>

  <p>If a junior could create and improve these god decrees, weren’t they just not valuable at all!?</p>

  <p>“Your Majesty Battle Sovereign, if that human boy is able to complete the transformation and remake the ordinary god decree with the same level of strength as a peak god decree, then the primal god race won’t need us to open the forbidden land at all.”</p>

  <p>A celestial Elder suddenly said.</p>

  <p>As To Bagui heard this, his expression became far more interesting.</p>

  <p>The reason that the primal god race would request the help of the celestials and ally with them was because they only had the strongest god decrees left behind by the Asura Road Master as well as those left behind by ordinary True Divinities; they were lacking god decrees left behind by upper and middle True Divinities.</p>

  <p>This was because there were far too few upper True Divinities. The primal god race had also inherited god decrees left by upper True Divinities, but for various reasons they had used them up.</p>

  <p>But with Lin Ming, this problem no longer existed.</p>

  <p>The peak Empyreans of the primal god race would absolutely be able to repair the Chain of Calamity by themselves!</p>

  <p>“How could this be, I just cannot understand…”</p>

  <p>To Bagui felt his thoughts fall into utter chaos. He didn’t know how Lin Ming accomplished what he did, but this was the indisputable truth.</p>

  <p>He originally wanted to blackmail the god race into giving up even another spot, but now, the god race didn’t need them at all. They might not even receive a single spot!</p>

  <p>Everything had been lost!</p>

  <p>To Bagui fell into depression. He madly desired this lucky chance, and Smokeless also needed this opportunity!</p>

  <p>Smokeless was the hope that would stabilize their celestial race in the future.</p>

  <p>“This boy must have some secret!”</p>

  <p>To Bagui said with a voice dripping with hate as he gripped his fists. Even if someone killed him he would never have believed that Lin Ming’s perception was so powerful that he could unravel the god decrees that not even True Divinities could understand, and do so in a short two hours. In other words, the peerless God Sovereigns of the ancient remnant races were nothing but a joke before him!</p>

  <p>But so what if he had a secret? Seeing how the old God Sovereign was supporting Lin Ming, Lin Ming would likely become a treasure of the primal god race.</p>

  <p>To transform an ordinary god decree into a top god decree, he more than deserved such treatment!</p>

  <p>Perhaps even the entire primal god race would prostrate themselves to this boy.</p>

  <p>At this time, no matter what anyone else was thinking, Lin Ming paid no attention to any of them. His focus was tense and his forehead was dripping wet.</p>

  <p>He had underestimated just how terrifying a True Divinity level divine runic symbol was.</p>

  <p>Even if he thoroughly understood the Laws, he still lacked strength. Wanting to completely restore these divine runic symbols that had been eroded over 10 billion years was excruciatingly difficult.</p>

  <p>Moreover, his physical condition was in a poor state!</p>

  <p>His body shook. Because he was exhausting himself of his strength, Lin Ming’s fingers trembled and the runes nearly exploded around him.</p>

  <p>If the runes collapsed, then even though the god decree would be fine, most of the work Lin Ming put into repairing it would be destroyed!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming frightened himself for a moment. And, this scene was noticed by the old God Sovereign. The old God Sovereign was able to clearly feel that Lin Ming, wrapped in the blazing light, had a much weaker aura than before.</p>

  <p>That’s right… Lin Ming was injured before, and he had yet to fully recover.</p>

  <p>Many people recalled that when Lin Ming first entered the grand hall, his blood vitality had been unstable and his meridians and organs had been broken in various places!</p>

  <p>His injuries were due to Empyrean Primordius.</p>

  <p>These were deep wounds caused by a peak Empyrean. Even if Lin Ming had prepared himself earlier and had blocked over 95% of the damage, the remaining amount was still no laughing matter.</p>

  <p>“This boy, he can still repair the god decree after being injured? This is…”</p>

  <p>Heaven’s Son Morin was speechless. Lin Ming’s actions had left him lacking even a little bit of confidence. The difference was too great!</p>

  <p>At this time, the old God Sovereign flung wide his sleeves and a great sun seemed to explode from within his body. Billowing strength rolled towards the old God Sovereign before transforming into a gentle divine light that shot into Lin Ming’s body.</p>

  <p>This gentle divine light slowly sank into Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>Normally speaking, the power of an Empyrean powerhouse was formidable and unruly. If it entered the body of a junior, they simply wouldn’t possess the ability to control it. But, the power shot out by the old God Sovereign was gentle to the extreme, allowing Lin Ming to freely use it as he wished.</p>

  <p>For a time, Lin Ming felt like his body was a dry field that was suddenly experiencing a revitalizing rain. His strength immediately returned.</p>

  <p>With the Laws guiding the way and with the support of the old God Sovereign’s power, the repair process of the god decree became extremely smooth.</p>

  <p>Another two hours passed. Lin Ming’s repair process was nearing its finale.</p>

  <p>In that moment within the void, endless Asura runes gathered together, forming a giant purple vortex, all of it being slowly sucked into the god decree.</p>

  <p>For a time, divine light shot into the heavens. The runes of the god decree sparkled, each one resonating with each other.</p>

  <p>The feeling this scene gave off was as if the god decree had been resurrected!</p>

  <p>It formed a sharp contrast with the three withered yellow god decrees lying down beside it. Those three god decrees appeared dark and gloomy, as if they would turn to dust at any moment.</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming… he revived the old God Sovereign’s god decree!”</p>

  <p>Someone was able to see the essential difference. The god decree that Lin Ming repaired seemed entirely brand new.</p>

  <p>Compared to the celestial race’s three god decrees, Lin Ming’s repaired god decree had even greater levels of energy!</p>

  <p>“How could… this be…”</p>

  <p>A celestial powerhouse cried out.</p>

  <p>With any reasoning, Lin Ming being able to repair the god decrees should have been a major accomplishment worthy of all the ancient remnant races celebrating. But in this situation, the celestials weren’t able to summon any joy at all.</p>

  <p>“Great!” Lin Ming had overdrawn his strength and propped himself up on the black stone table. He passed the god decree to the old God Sovereign.</p>

  <p>As the old God Sovereign took the god decree in his hands, his face was full of smiles. As he looked at Lin Ming, his eyes were filled with praise, appreciation, and love.</p>

  <p>He could feel that the god decree he passed Lin Ming had undergone a massive change.</p>

  <p>“Good! Very good!”</p>

  <p>The old God Sovereign loudly acclaimed.</p>

  <p>At this time, the other god race martial artists also sent out their divine senses together, probing the god decree that Lin Ming had repaired. They were all left dumbfounded.</p>

  <p>Even the Great Elder that had criticized Lin Ming before had completely shut up.</p>

  <p>In the world of martial artists, strength was all!</p>

  <p>With strength, one naturally obtained respect.</p>

  <p>“This is incredible. My god race has many ordinary True Divinity level god decrees left. If they could be repaired by Lin Ming, just what scene would that be!”</p>

  <p>A god decree drawn up by a True Divinity, if brand new, for example the one that Lin Ming had just repaired, if that were activated by a peak Empyrean then that was the same as the all-out attack of a True Divinity level powerhouse.</p>

  <p>It could instantly kill a peak Empyrean of the same level. At the very least, their opponent would be severely wounded and lose all combat strength. Then, they could even be captured!</p>

  <p>The significance of this was far too great!</p>

  <p>It had to be known that the most threatening enemy to the ancient remnant races was not True Divinities like the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign, but peak Empyreans!</p>

  <p>The truth was that in this war, the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign had never fought at all.</p>

  <p>This was because the primal god race still had the Asura god decrees left behind by the Asura Road Master! If the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign were to personally come, then the primal god race would be willing to take out all their Asura god decrees and bombard the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign with them. If they could kill the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign using such a method, then the world would be purified.</p>

  <p>But if a peak Empyrean came, using an Asura god decree on them was a waste, and using other god decrees was useless. This was a worrying situation!</p>

  <p>However, with the god decrees that Lin Ming repaired, restoring them to a brand new state, none of this was a problem anymore.</p>
</body>
</html>