<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 1078 – His Skin Is Not of Ordinary Thickness</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>In the past when Lin Ming absorbed the dragon marrow and the Asura King’s source energy, his body had reached the limit. It was impossible to eat heavenly materials without end; he would be unable to absorb them at some point. For the left over dragon bone, Lin Ming had to slowly fuse with it.</p>

  <p>“The resources that Miss Mo left behind are divided into the body transformation system and the essence gathering system. The essence gathering system resources were collected at Carefree Island, and they are also what I need to break through to the ninth stage of Life Destruction,” Lin Ming thought out loud.</p>

  <p>Because he dual cultivated in body and energy, his body was incomparably solid and durable. It was far harder for him to make breakthroughs in Life Destruction than an ordinary martial artist. As for breaking through to the ninth stage of Life Destruction, that was at least a hundred times more difficult than it would be for others!</p>

  <p>If he were to fuse the supreme dragon bone as well as open another one of the Eight Inner Hidden Gates before attempting to cross Ninefall, the difficulty would rise to an unbelievable degree!</p>

  <p>Ultimately, the rules of the universe had changed some inestimable period of time ago, and now those that chose to dual cultivate in body and energy could be said to be defying the will of the heavens. How could this be empty talk? In the past, there were even top geniuses that were far too confident in their own talent and recklessly chose to embark on this dangerous path, only to be trapped in the Life Destruction realm. Finally, they had no choice but to cripple and break up their body transformation cultivation and continue cultivating the essence gathering system.</p>

  <p>To be like Mo Eversnow and have a half-step World King cultivation as well as being close to opening the Nine Stars of the Dao Palace, that was simply a miracle among miracles.</p>

  <p>The further one went in the body transformation system, the harder it was to cross into Ninefall. With Lin Ming’s current situation, once he opened the Gate of View, he’d have opened six of the Eight Inner Hidden Gates, only missing the Gate of Life and the Gate of Death. As for the Gate of Life and the Gate of Death, they were called the true life and death threshold. The difficulty to open them was on a completely different level, and these two gates were much more powerful. They were each equal to half a large boundary in the body transformation system. If Lin Ming completely opened the first six gates, that was the same as completing a certain goal of the body transformation system; his bodily physique would experience a qualitative leap upwards, but at the same time it would also become far more difficult to break into the ninth stage of Life Destruction.</p>

  <p>However, the more difficult it was to step into the ninth stage of Life Destruction, the greater the advantages would be. The body would be tempered much more thoroughly. Especially after fusing with the dragon bone; whether it was Lin Ming’s body transformation system or essence gathering system, it would hold incalculable advantages to him.</p>

  <p>For Ninefall, Lin Ming would need to have the support of a terrifying amount of resources. Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to succeed.</p>

  <p>In the end, the current Lin Ming was going against the heavens!</p>

  <p>Lin &#160;Ming submerged himself into the spirit spring in the rear courtyard and entered into a contemplative state. What he didn’t know was that at this time, in Carefree Palace, there was actually a special meeting being assembled because of him. Those people participating in this meeting were either inner court Elders, peak direct disciples, the Highest Elders of Carefree Palace, the several Vice Island Masters, and even the Island Master himself, Xiao Skywhite.</p>

  <p>“Island Master Skywhite? Are you playing a joke on us? You want to take Carefree Island’s destiny stabilizing treasure, the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree and give it away to an outsider? The Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree is an incomparably supreme divine medicine! In this world, such a divine medicine is unique, singular!”</p>

  <p>As Xiao Skywhite slowly laid out the reason for this meeting, the Council of Elders’ Great Elder Xiao Haogan asked this question, his eyes wide as if he didn’t dare to believe his own ears.</p>

  <p>The Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree was Carefree Island’s most precious divine object, without anything else even coming close. It was a treasure used to stabilize Carefree Palace’s destiny. Moreover, the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree would produce ten fruits every 1000 years. These fruits would be plucked and made into wine using a special technique. This wine would be rewarded to the sect’s most outstanding disciples. The Ten Severing Fruit Wine was extremely valuable. Without them, there might have been disciples that would never have broken into the Divine Lord realm.</p>

  <p>Not just that, but Splintersoul Mountain and the Occult Bone Clan were already joining forces to suppress Carefree Island. If they actually handed out the divine treasure they used to stabilize the destiny of their sect, wasn’t that the same as being told to roll over and die?</p>

  <p>Xiao Skywhite frowned, not answering. But then, the Elders of the Council of Elders began to whisper among each other, all of them were panicked and confused and everything was in chaos. None of them could believe Xiao Skywhite’s decision!</p>

  <p>As for the core disciples, they were even more appalled. In the future, to make further progress, they would have to rely on the Ten Severing Fruit Wine!</p>

  <p>“Everyone quiet!” Xiao Skywhite shouted. His voice contained true essence that spread through everyone like a strong breeze, immediately silencing all the Elders and core disciples.</p>

  <p>Once the entire grand hall was calmed down and silent, Xiao Skywhite slowly spoke, “It seems that all of you have forgotten. When the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree was planted 50,000 years ago, my father told me that it did not belong to my Carefree Island. Rather, it was placed here by a benefactor. There would be a day when this benefactor would return for it. Did you all forget this? For these last tens of thousands of years since the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree was planted, we have been able to pluck the Ten Severing Dao Fruits. This has even faintly helped to improve the destiny of our sect. In all these years, geniuses have poured forth from our sect and now our sect is only a step away from becoming a Holy Land. The reason for this is that we have received the graciousness of that person. Did you all think the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree would always remain planted on Carefree Island?”</p>

  <p>As Xiao Skywhite spoke, everyone froze for a moment before remembering this. Indeed, they knew of this. It was just that the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree was planted at Carefree Island such a long time ago that they nearly forgot that this divine tree never belonged to Carefree Island to begin with.</p>

  <p>“So what’s the meaning of this? That person has come back to take away the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree?”</p>

  <p>The Great Elder’s thoughts stirred. He suddenly recalled the report relayed to him by a disciple responsible for the entrance examinations. An extremely talented young man with an eighth stage Life Destruction cultivation had entered Carefree Island to request an audience with Xiao Skywhite. He also called himself a distant relative. This was most likely the person!</p>

  <p>“Is it the youth with the eighth stage of Life Destruction? Is he the descendant of that mysterious person from the past?”</p>

  <p>Xiao Skywhite remained silent, quietly acquiescing.</p>

  <p>Realization stirred up the Great Elder. “It’s true that the Ten Severing Dao Fruit is not ours, but it has already been planted at my Carefree Island for the last 50,000 years. Does he think he can just take it away because he wants to?”</p>

  <p>“That’s right! We have helped store it for them for 50,000 years and yet they want to just take it away. Where is the justice in that!?”</p>

  <p>Another Elder echoed in agreement. However, more Elders stayed quiet. Although they definitely didn’t want the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree to be taken away, their skin wasn’t so thick that they could raise their voices. Although they had helped ‘store’ the tree for 50,000 years, the truth was that they obtained massive benefits from it. For those benefits to now be suddenly taken away, they definitely didn’t want that to happen. Of course, this was also a completely natural matter.</p>

  <p>To give a cup of rice was grace and to fight for a cup of rice was enmity. Once one obtained a benefit from others and was used to it, if that benefit disappeared, that kindness would turn to anger.</p>

  <p>At this time, a purple-clothed youth asked, “Elders, may this disciple speak?”</p>

  <p>The one who spoke was the top direct disciple. In truth, this purple-clothed youth’s status was even higher than a normal inner court Elder. It was only that he was a junior so by customs he wasn’t allowed to interrupt a meeting.</p>

  <p>“Speak.” The Great Elder said. This purple-clothed youth was named White Mirrorjade and he was an extremely favored disciple. He would likely become one of the top figures of Carefree Island, and he even had a chance of becoming the next Island Master.</p>

  <p>White Mirrorjade politely bowed as a junior did, then began to slowly speak, “This disciple believes that if the descendant of the mysterious person that left behind the Sovereign Dao Fruit Tree comes to our Carefree Island after 50,000 years to take it away, there must have been some sort of accident. Otherwise, it’s impossible for such a long period to pass. As for that mysterious person, they have likely died by now. As for his descendant, they likely found some letter left behind by this mysterious person detailing the matter. It is likely that countless generations have already separated that mysterious person from his descendant. By depending on this alone, for this descendant to come to Carefree Island to demand the return of the Ten Severing Dao Fruit True, that is far too ridiculous.”</p>

  <p>“Since ancient times, those with strength and those with the destiny were able to take and occupy heavenly materials. But that junior called Lin Ming is only at the eighth stage of Life Destruction. No matter how great his talent is, how high can his combat strength really be? This disciple also believes that this Lin Ming doesn’t have some supreme elder supporting him from behind. Otherwise, if he came here to do something so important as taking back the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree, he surely would have brought a master for a display of shocking strength. If such a top character were to come demand the return of the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree, the process would be much smoother. One could see from this that there is no one supporting Lin Ming; there is only him.”</p>

  <p>“In this case, even if he obtains the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree, it will be impossible for him to keep it. A man’s wealth is also his ruin. He will surely bring upon himself a calamity because of the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree. He will be cursed to death by the divine tree. That is because his fate is too shallow, that is because he cannot withstand the destiny of the divine tree! If we do not return the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree to him, in truth, we are helping him. This can also be considered as returning the kindness of that mysterious person from the past.”</p>

  <p>“As for my Carefree Island, we are thriving, and every single day we make more and more progress. Now we’re just half a step away from becoming a true Holy Land level sect. With the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree supporting us, we’ll become even more powerful, and our strength can also handle it. As for a lucky chance, for us to obtain the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree 50,000 years ago and for the mysterious person who left it with us to die, that is our lucky chance. The heavens themselves have granted the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree to my Carefree Island. If we do not accept the gift of the heavens, that will instead bring upon us misfortune. If we were to give away the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree to a junior whose strength is negligible, causing him to die, that would be the most stupid sort of behavior. That is the same as cutting off the hope for our Carefree Island to become a Holy Land.”</p>

  <p>“Also, 50,000 years ago when the Ten Severing Dao Fruit was planted, we also had to use up a massive amount of celestial spirit water to nourish it. Only then did it begin to produce the Ten Severing Dao Fruits. How could we just give it away so easily after all that?”</p>

  <p>White Mirrorjade’s words were clearly eloquent enough to turn black to white and switch good to evil, but his words were even plausible and backed up with undeniable logic, as if keeping the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree would actually be the greatest kindness to Lin Ming. As the Elders heard this, all of them were stunned. When the Great Elder spoke, he obviously shed all face and pretense of cordiality in not wanting to give up the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree, so no one spoke up. But now that White Mirrorjade spoke, there were some truths mixed into his words and he had even taken the side of justice and morality. He had come up with all sorts of reasons that the Ten Severing Dao Fruit Tree should stay here; really, it was enough to leave one gawking.</p>

  <p>Ye Rosewater, the one who brought Lin Ming to Carefree Pavilion, was sitting beside White Mirrorjade. As she heard him speak, she was left stunned. She sighed and thought to herself, “This man, his skin is not of ordinary thickness.”</p>
</body>
</html>