<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <script src="../pogey.js"></script>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 665 – Achieving 12 Wings</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>After becoming a twelve-winged Heavenly Demon, a person would obtain Heavenly Demon martial intent and become the ultimate taboo existence within the Blood Slaughter Steppes. The Blood Slaughter Steppes’ true fear was not the Holy Land Alliance, but an Emperor level powerhouse like the Eightfall War Emperor who had also managed to obtain a twelve-winged Heavenly Demon Tattoo.</p>

  <p>There didn’t need to be many of such individuals. As long as three or four such existences simultaneously attacked the Blood Slaughter Steppes, the Steppes Master would suffer defeat!</p>

  <p>“All High Lords heed my order! Everyone attack Lin Ming together! Although he is strong, he cannot stand a barrage of your martial skills!”</p>

  <p>Elder Xiao crazily shouted. It was true that Lin Ming was strong, but this had mainly manifested in his striking power. In just the aspect of striking power, Lin Ming even surpassed an ordinary second stage Life Destruction powerhouse. Any defense would be pierced and pulverized!</p>

  <p>But in terms of defensive power, no matter how fierce Lin Ming was, it was impossible for him to stand there and take attacks from a High Lord powerhouse, much less a barrage of them!</p>

  <p>All of the surrounding High Lords began to move, taking out their weapons and attacking Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>But, how could they possibly compare to Lin Ming in speed?</p>

  <p><em>Cha cha cha!</em></p>

  <p>The heaven-step treasure spear was like a pure white dragon swimming through the vast sea. Wherever it went, blood would follow!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming indeed couldn’t block a volley of attacks from the High Lords. Even if just five or six martial artists attacked him at the same time, he probably wouldn’t be able to block that either. But, by depending on Golden Roc Shattering the Void, his movement skill that allowed him to weave through the battlefield like ghosts and gods, how could anyone think of successfully hitting him?</p>

  <p>As he flitted between the 20 some High Lords, Lin Ming’s attacks were like vorpal death sentences!</p>

  <p>The white spear was fused with billowing flames and arcs of electricity. Each and every attack had the power of a bronze level battle spirit poured into it!</p>

  <p>“Ahhh!”</p>

  <p>Seeing Lin Ming rush towards him, a High Lord swung his heavy sword at Lin Ming, wanting to fend off this attack. But Lin Ming completely ignored his attack and continued thrusting his spear.</p>

  <p>In that instant, Lin Ming’s spear passed through the High Lord’s sword light and then struck the heavy sword with a metallic ring. Then, an inconceivable scene occurred that made everyone tremble. The great sword, which was also a heaven-step treasure, actually had its thick blade pierced through by Lin Ming’s spear!</p>

  <p>The long spear penetrated through the heavy sword and stabbed into the High Lord’s throat, taking his life with a single spear strike!</p>

  <p>Such a sharp spear light caused all of the martial artists present to pale, sweat dripping down their backs. Everyone knew that the white spear was a low-grade heaven-step treasure. But, in Lin Ming’s hand, this spear had reached a degree of sharpness that no one could block!</p>

  <p>Facing this sort of demon, just who would dare to fight him?</p>

  <p>The dozen some remaining High Lords were pale as they turned around to run. However, Lin Ming did not intend to let a single one of them escape. The space underneath his feet suddenly shrank as he seemed to teleport directly behind a High Lord’s back, his spear thrusting into his body!</p>

  <p>“Don’t kill me! I surrender! I’ll leave–”</p>

  <p>The High Lord frantically shouted. However, his voice died in his throat. The white spear penetrated through his back and straight out of his front, a bloody light shooting out!</p>

  <p>Leave?</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s lips curved in a devilish grin. At the moment that they decided to kill Duanmu Qun, everyone had already forfeited their lives in this gamble!</p>

  <p>Seeing that they couldn’t kill the one in front of them, but then seeing that they themselves would die and even wanting to retreat; just where in the world would you find such a good deal?</p>

  <p>“Damnit!”</p>

  <p>Seeing six or seven ordinary High Lords cut down by Lin Ming as if they were vegetables, Elder Xiao’s eyes turned red, “This old man will kill you!”</p>

  <p>Pouring true essence into his lance, Elder Xiao struck out at Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>“Humph! You really think that I’m afraid to fight you?”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s eyes sparked with a cold light. He grasped his spear, thrusting it up. He would welcome anyone anytime!</p>

  <p>Before, he hadn’t dared to directly fight because Elder Xiao and the Great Ax Tower Master were attacking him together, and the treasure in Lin Ming’s hand was lacking. But now, seeing Elder Xiao rushed towards him alone, this was what Lin Ming had wished for. A spear thrust out, fires burning to the heavens!</p>

  <p>A vast Concept of Fire burnt Elder Xiao’s cloud of demon essence to cinders. Spear and lance collided!</p>

  <p><em>Bang!</em></p>

  <p>Elder Xiao’s body shook. After receiving such a heavy blow, he was blown backwards like a broken kite, blood leaking out from his mouth.</p>

  <p>After Lin Ming had switched to a heaven-step treasure spear, he had been able to completely free the power of his battle spirit. Now, his striking power was not something that Elder Xiao could hope to compare with. For this old man to think of meeting him in a head-on attack with, he had simply been seeking death!</p>

  <p>“Great Ax! What the hell are you doing? Do you think he will let you go!?”</p>

  <p>Elder Xiao crazily shouted, his voice full thick with anger and killing intent.</p>

  <p>Great Ax grit his teeth and stepped forwards. At this time he had truly stepped onto the road of no return. His only path of redemption was to kill Lin Ming!</p>

  <p>Elder Xiao forcefully revolved his demon essence and suppressed in internal injuries, swallowing down the blood that was filling his mouth.</p>

  <p>One on the left, one on the right, both of them attacked Lin Ming!</p>

  <p>Facing these two simultaneous attacks, although Lin Ming was confident in himself, he didn’t lower his guard. Suffering even a minor injury here would be disastrous.</p>

  <p>However, he had never intended to meet both of their attacks.</p>

  <p>Seeing billowing clouds of demonic energy roiling towards him, Lin Ming’s lips curved in a cruel smile.</p>

  <p>Golden Roc Shattering the Void!</p>

  <p><em>Hoo-!</em></p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s figure instantly vanished again. In the next moment, he had already moved several hundred feet away, appearing right in front of the Polaris Tower Master!</p>

  <p>At the same time that Great Ax and Elder Xiao attacked him, he had decide to kill the Polaris Tower Master!</p>

  <p>“Ahh!”</p>

  <p>The Polaris Tower Master’s eyes widened as he saw Lin Ming suddenly flicker in front of him, scared so badly that his soul nearly left his body. In his life, he had killed countless lives, and now this was the first time that he had truly faced death.</p>

  <p>The fear of dying gripped his mind. His eyes widened, his heartbeat stopping!</p>

  <p>He didn’t want to die! He was the son of the Steppes Master! He enjoyed countless resources, countless beauties, limitless fame! In the future, he would become a twelve-winged Heavenly Demon and inevitably step into the Emperor level realm!</p>

  <p>He would live for six or seven thousand years, with endless wealth and an exalted status. He would have peerless authority, wielding the fates of a trillion lives in his hands with absolute power! He would have a harem with countless proud and heavenly women of every race…</p>

  <p>And now, all of this, all of his dreams, would disappear with this single spear strike!</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming, don’t–!!!”</p>

  <p>“Young Master!!” Several hundred feet away, Elder Xiao also shouted out. However, no one was able to stop Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>Without a hint of hesitation, his spear came plummeting down, directly passing through the Polaris Tower Master’s throat like a bolt of lightning!</p>

  <p><em>Puff!</em></p>

  <p>Blood sputtered out. The Polaris Tower Master opened his mouth as if he were trying to say something, but his vocal cords had already been torn to pieces so he was unable to utter a single word.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming was inscrutable as he pulled his hand back and received his spear. As he drew back the spear, blood gushed out, spraying into the air. In this final strike that killed the Polaris Tower Master, he hadn’t even infused his spear with his battle spirit, ending his life no differently than he would butcher a chicken of pig.</p>

  <p>A powerful and ambition genius of his era, who had planted slave seals in the spiritual seas of several generations of proud sons of heavens, who had become the Polaris Tower Master that had controlled Polaris Tower for dozens of years, had died today, killed no differently than the lowest of beasts!</p>

  <p>“Young Master!”</p>

  <p>Elder Xiao’s eyes were blood red. His heart raged with an inferno of hatred, a thick burning intent sizzling in his mind. In the end, all he could do was look on helplessly as the Polaris Tower Master died right in front of him!</p>

  <p>This wasn’t because of any mistake Elder Xiao had made. In that situation just now, he could no longer stop Lin Ming. If he didn’t attack Lin Ming, then that was no different from freely allowing him to becoming a twelve-winged Heavenly Demon. Yet, if he wanted to attack Lin Ming, he would need to join forces with Great Ax. And now, the result of this was… he had given Lin Ming the chance to directly slaughter the Polaris Tower Master.</p>

  <p>His movement speed was inferior and his striking power was inferior. From the point that Lin Ming obtained the white spear, the initiative had gone to Lin Ming’s hand, remaining there forever!</p>

  <p>As the Polaris Tower master died, an incomparably rich infernal energy leaked out from him. This mass of infernal energy was several times purer and richer than any other mass of infernal energy that Lin Ming had ever seen!</p>

  <p>At this moment, the bass growl of a demon filled the air. The fierce Heavenly Demon phantom that hid within Lin Ming’s arm tattoo appeared, rushing towards the mass of infernal energy and swallowing it all!</p>

  <p>With the additional six or seven High Lords that Lin Ming had killed just before, all of this infernal energy combined together, completely absorbed by the Heavenly Demon phantom!</p>

  <p><em>Roar!!</em></p>

  <p>The Heavenly Demon phantom stretched out its sharp claws and unfolded its towering wings. It faced the heavens and gave off a loud cry. Its five pairs of wings were already extremely clear, and now, under the effects of that rich infernal energy, the final sixth pair was also slowly expanding!</p>

  <p>A twelve-winged Heavenly Demon!</p>

  <p>After Lin Ming killed the Polaris Tower Master, he finally became a twelve-winged Heavenly Demon!</p>

  <p>With the influx of infernal energy, the Heavenly Demon phantom began to rapidly grow, finally reaching a monumental 40 to 50 feet. It was like an Asura that crawled out from the endless abyss. Thunder and fire raged underneath its feet, and its entire body was wrapped with thick, bulging muscles. As it released its 12 wings, they nearly covered the skies!</p>

  <p>All of the surrounding martial artists were dumbfounded.</p>

  <p>This was the first time they had witnessed the birth of a twelve-winged Heavenly Demon!</p>

  <p>“Mad… he’s a madman…” Zhuan Yu’s lips trembled. At this moment, he didn’t even have the courage to face Lin Ming, let alone fight him.</p>

  <p>As for Elder Xiao, a trace of fear flashed in his eyes. He had a deep foreboding feeling that if he couldn’t kill Lin Ming today, then one day, Lin Ming would become the gravedigger for all 12 Skysplit Towers!</p>

  <p>He was absolutely a terrifying threat! In fact, he was far more horrible and dreadful than even the Eightfall War Emperor! He had the personal reasons and also the ability to personally bury the entire Blood Slaughter Steppes under his feet, drowning the land in a sea of blood!</p>

  <p>“Hurry and take advantage of this time while he’s concentrating the Heavenly Demon phantom to kill him!”</p>

  <p>Elder Xiao leapt forwards. The Great Ax Tower Master also hesitated for a moment before throwing himself forwards too. At this time, there was no way he could retreat unless he turned and ran into the Eternal Demon Abyss. But, this was the only nearby exit from the Eternal Demon Abyss and it would soon close. Running away would be no different from suicide!</p>

  <p>One on the left, one on the right, Elder Xiao and the Great Ax Tower Master attacked together!</p>

  <p>At this time, the Heavenly Demon phantom released a deafening, earth-shaking roar. A terrifying force field fell over everyone like the end of times!</p>

  <p>In that instant, Elder Xiao and the Great Ax Tower Master felt a deep fear in their hearts. This was a killing intent directed at their very souls, causing everyone to tremble where they stood!</p>

  <p>This was…</p>

  <p>The Death God force field of the Heavenly Demon martial intent!</p>

  <p>Under the cover of this infernal energy that was so thick it manifested into essence, Elder Xiao and the Great Ax Tower Master’s striking power had instantly and unexpectedly weakened by 30%. At the same time, the Heavenly Demon phantom behind Lin Ming suddenly shrunk, instantly minimizing from 40-50 feet to half a foot, turning into a complete twelve-winged Heavenly Demon Tattoo that landed on Lin Ming’s arm.</p>

  <p>After condensing the complete Heavenly Demon Tattoo, Lin Ming felt his body filled with an explosive power. Facing the attacks of Elder Xiao and the Great Ax Tower Master, Lin Ming poured all of this destructive energy into his spear, thrusting it out!</p>

  <p>Penetrating Rainbow!</p>

  <p><em>Bang!</em></p>

  <p>A terrifying blast wave combusted, appearing like a massive red and purple lotus blooming in the world. All of the space in the area began to twist together. After being struck by such a terrifying strike, Elder Xiao and the Great Ax Tower Master were flung away like leaves in a storm. The previously injured Elder Xiao spat out another mouthful of blood. As for the Great Ax Tower Master, although he didn’t vomit blood, the palm of his hand directly cracked apart!</p>

  <p>With a <em>‘ka ka ka’ </em>sound, a massive crack had appeared in the double-headed ax in his hand!</p>
</body>
</html>