<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 1363 – Eruption of the Demon Abyss</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>“So the secret is down here?”</p>

  <p>After tracking the aura of the transmission array, Tian Mingzi was sure that Lin Ming had escaped deep underground.</p>

  <p>In other words, deep beneath these blood red plains, there was a separate world with ancient ruins of the past. And, these ancient ruins clearly had some heaven-shaking secret. It was highly possible that these secrets concerned the extreme Empyrean master who had set down the enchantment around the Sky Spill Planet.</p>

  <p>After chasing Lin Ming all the way here, Tian Mingzi had almost accurately deduced the reasoning behind the enchantment that protected the Sky Spill Planet as well as the reason for the curse left behind on the Blood Slaughter Steppes.</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming, whether you ascend to the heavens or descend to the hells, you cannot escape me. I want to see just what secrets the Sky Spill Planet has!”</p>

  <p>Tian Mingzi’s sword sliced through the void. Using the energy fluctuations of the transmission array as a basis, he forcefully opened a transmission array and began descending deep underground.</p>

  <p>………..</p>

  <p>In the vast space underground, the infernal energy was so thick that it nearly condensed into bubbles.</p>

  <p>The entire area was pitch black, with a faint gray haze floating about. The only light came from the tiny dots of starlight in the skies, but even this light was blocked out by the fog. If a mortal were to stand here, they would simply be blind.</p>

  <p>This was the Eternal Demon Abyss. After so many years, Lin Ming had finally returned!</p>

  <p>The so-called Eternal Demon Abyss was originally a massive tunnel that penetrated through the entire Sky Spill Planet, ending in the Sea of Miracles on the other side. This was caused by an Empyrean level powerhouse striking right through the center of the Sky Spill Planet.</p>

  <p>And in truth, when people referred to the Eternal Demon Abyss, they often referred to the 10,000 mile surrounding area.</p>

  <p>This was a very dangerous area, but if one was strong enough they could come here to seek their own lucky chances before safely leaving. As for the true central Eternal Demon Abyss, even if the highest under the heavens of the Holy Demon Continent were to enter, they would not be able to return!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming had once seen a massive shape similar to a horned black dragon God Beast in the center of the Eternal Demon Abyss. Its body was thousands of miles long and its terrifying roar had blown away all the young elites that were still several hundred miles away.</p>

  <p>This was an existence that even a Divine Realm World King would fear!</p>

  <p>The last time Lin Ming entered the Eternal Demon Abyss, he had stumbled into the thousand mile forbidden zone. That was the thousand mile range around the true Eternal Demon Abyss. It was known as a true life forbidden zone, a place that no one could make it out of alive.</p>

  <p>And this time, Lin Ming had returned to the Eternal Demon Abyss to go to the center. He wanted to venture deep into it and find the most core inheritances that Empyrean Primordius had left behind!</p>

  <p>As for what he would meet along the way, Lin Ming wasn’t sure. And as for reaching there alive, he wasn’t confident in that either.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming stepped on the space shuttle, wanting to teleport forwards once more. But, he suddenly discovered that the energy within the Eternal Demon Abyss was extremely chaotic. If he tried to teleport here, he might stir up some terrifying space storm. With Lin Ming’s current condition, stepping into this sort of space storm would needlessly add wounds onto his already serious injuries. There would even be a chance of death.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming remembered that the Polaris Tower Master had said that the Eternal Demon Abyss was in a state of eruption, able to erupt at any time. This meant that the Eternal Demon Abyss was several times more dangerous.</p>

  <p>“Che!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming frowned. He put away the space shuttle and began flying towards the center of the Eternal Demon Abyss. At this point, there was no time to delay. His injuries were great and now that he couldn’t use the space shuttle, he would have to fly through the Eternal Demon Abyss at high speeds in its most dangerous period. This was a tremendous pressure on him!</p>

  <p>Strong winds howled. Lin Ming’s face was pale.</p>

  <p>To fly so crazily in the Eternal Demon Abyss was naturally extremely conspicuous.</p>

  <p>“Roar!”</p>

  <p>With a bass and shrill roar, seven or eight evil beings shot up from the ground, rushing towards Lin Ming!</p>

  <p>These evil beings were formed from infernal energy. With the Eternal Demon Abyss in an erupting state, the infernal energy here was becoming increasingly thick and terrifying. This caused these evil beings to be that much stronger.</p>

  <p>If these were ordinary times, a Life Destruction powerhouse would be more than enough to deal with these evil beings. But now, even a Divine Sea powerhouse would find it difficult.</p>

  <p>The erupting state of the Eternal Demon Abyss made it an absolute land of death for the martial artists of the Holy Demon Continent.</p>

  <p>The Phoenix Blood Spear swept out. These evil beings were instantly slain by Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming didn’t even slow down. He turned into a beam of light, breaking into the thick fog!</p>

  <p>In this dense fog, there were even more evil beings!</p>

  <p>After Lin Ming hurtled into the fog, these evil beings awoke like a pack of disturbed flies. They began to rabidly plunge towards Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s complexion was cold and callous. The Phoenix Blood Spear in his hands stabbed out again and again, and the power of thunder and fire heavenly tribulation roared outwards.</p>

  <p><i>Chi chi chi!</i></p>

  <p>Thunder and fire rolled up like a wave. Whether it was the power of fire or thunder, both were nemeses of evil ghosts and spirits. These evil beings were all charred to ash!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming continued to barrel forwards, not slowing down in the least.</p>

  <p>However, as time passed, more and more evil beings rushed at Lin Ming, forcing him to cut down more and more. Slaying 80-90 evil beings was fine, but killing 800-900 evil beings was another matter altogether. Lin Ming was rapidly consuming his energy.</p>

  <p>If Lin Ming was in his peak state, he could restore his strength with just the Gate of Healing, the Gate of Life, and the supreme dragon bone. But now, Lin Ming’s condition was extremely poor.</p>

  <p>Blood slowly trickled down from Lin Ming’s ears and eyes.</p>

  <p>As Mo Eversnow saw this, she felt her heart pained with grief.</p>

  <p>Good fortune never came in pairs and misfortune never came alone. Even though they had escaped to the Eternal Demon Abyss, they had actually run into here during the erupting state!</p>

  <p>These evil beings were a hundred times more formidable and numerous than they ordinarily were!</p>

  <p>Mo Eversnow quietly poured her soul force into Lin Ming’s body, helping lighten the burden on him.</p>

  <p>However, Mo Eversnow’s soul force was only usable in limited amounts. Once she used it, she would incur damage to her divine soul. It would be hard for her to restore herself.</p>

  <p>The more powerful someone was, the more difficult it was to restore their soul force. In the past, when Mo Eversnow had gone into a deep slumber, she had only regained consciousness after absorbing a massive amount of blood essence as well as the dragon bone marrow. From this it could be seen just how many resources were required.</p>

  <p>“Senior-apprentice Sister, don’t!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming stubbornly sealed away his inner world, refusing entry to Mo Eversnow’s energies.</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming!” Mo Eversnow cried out anxiously. Her bright eyes were wet with tears. “Do you want to die here?”</p>

  <p>“I know what I’m doing!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming no longer spoke. In absolute silence, he only madly and crazily fought!</p>

  <p>Whether it was evil beings, corpses, demonic spirits, or ghosts that appeared in front of Lin Ming, he cut down everything in his path!</p>

  <p>He simply didn’t care about them or about himself. At this time, Lin Ming was like a demon god that had lost his mind!</p>

  <p>1000 miles, 2000 miles, 3000 miles…</p>

  <p>Lin Ming pierced deeper and deeper into the Eternal Demon Abyss, endlessly slaughtering. Soon, he was 9000 miles in. Once he went another 1000 miles in, that would be the true Eternal Demon Abyss.</p>

  <p>At this distance, the fog had already dispersed. As Lin Ming looked out in the distance, he could see brilliant black flames burning in the distant horizon, connecting the heavens and the earth. In the rivers of stars above the skies, a vast amount of star light sprinkled down, connected together with that black flame as if the galaxy were falling downwards!</p>

  <p>This was the true Eternal Demon Abyss!</p>

  <p>And at this time, Lin Ming suddenly felt a terrifying killing intent shroud over him. Compared to before, this sense was far more intense!</p>

  <p>He knew that Tian Mingzi would arrive soon!</p>

  <p>After so many twists and turns, Tian Mingzi had finally entered the Eternal Demon Abyss, and now both of them were in the same space!</p>

  <p>With Tian Mingzi’s speed, even if the power of space was in chaos and he couldn’t teleport, he was still several times faster than Lin Ming!</p>

  <p>The 1000 miles around the Eternal Demon Abyss was known as the thousand mile forbidden zone. To Revolving Core geniuses of the Eternal Demon Abyss, as well as many High Lords and even Tower Masters, this was a land of no return. Once one entered, that meant nearly guaranteed death!</p>

  <p>Even in the past when Lin Ming entered this place, he still had to expend a great deal of effort and take many risks before escaping with the guidance of Demonshine.</p>

  <p>Now, the Eternal Demon Abyss was in a period of eruption and the thousand mile forbidden zone was a hundred times more dangerous than usual. Lin Ming’s wounds were extremely heavy too; this would make it far more difficult for him to push forwards.</p>

  <p>There was a possibility that Lin Ming would be overtaken by Tian Mingzi before he was able to enter the Eternal Demon Abyss.</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming, you’ve been overdrawing your strength this entire way, adding wounds upon your previous wounds. You have even burnt half your blood essence. If this continues then you will die…”</p>

  <p>As Mo Eversnow looked at Lin Ming in such a state, she felt as if someone had pulled out her heart. She hated herself and her inability to help Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>As Lin Ming felt Tian Mingzi’s killing intent rapidly approaching, he didn’t immediately rush into the thousand mile forbidden zone. Rather, he stopped where he was.</p>

  <p>He was rapidly calculating possible routes to take.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s original idea was to enter the Eternal Demon Abyss and borrow the &#160;strange and unknown power of the Eternal Demon Abyss to protect him. If he were lucky, then there was a chance that Tian Mingzi would perish inside.</p>

  <p>But now, he had no idea whether or not Tian Mingzi had the possibility of perishing in the Eternal Demon Abyss.</p>

  <p>The crux was that with Lin Ming’s current condition, if he were to enter the depths of the Eternal Demon Abyss, he might be the first one to perish.</p>

  <p>At this moment, Lin Ming could only make one desperate gamble!</p>

  <p>He didn’t plan on going deep into the Eternal Demon Abyss, but prepared to go somewhere else first.</p>

  <p>After he resolutely made this decision, he adjusted his direction and rapidly flew somewhere else.</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming, where are you going?”</p>

  <p>Mo Eversnow was stunned. Lin Ming wasn’t taking a straight line to the Eternal Demon Abyss but was curving around. This would naturally take him longer.</p>

  <p>“To the ancient grave of the goddess!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming suddenly said.</p>

  <p>Over 10 years ago, when Lin Ming had entered the thousand mile forbidden zone for the first time, because he had been attacked by several corpse devils and then chased after them, he had managed to stumble upon the ancient grave of the goddess.</p>

  <p>The ancient grave of the goddess held four coffins, each one carved from the darkest obsidian rock.</p>

  <p>The first three coffins had held all sorts of heavenly materials produced in the Eternal Demon Abyss. Lin Ming guessed that these heavenly materials were once collected by the corpse devils who occupied this tomb.</p>

  <p>But in the last coffin, there was actually the corpse of the goddess.</p>

  <p>Because the body of this goddess exuded an infinite majesty and might, the corpse devils simply weren’t able to approach her. Thus, she retained her pure and untainted form.</p>

  <p>Even though it was a corpse, the vitality of the goddess was more vibrant than that of a living person. Her entire being emitted a bright and exuberant aura; this was the vitality of life.</p>

  <p>Even now, Lin Ming had no idea as to what the status of this goddess was.</p>

  <p>At this time, because it was far too difficult to enter the Eternal Demon Abyss, Lin Ming decided to change directions and go to the grave of the goddess first.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s memory was extremely good. He could remember the exact position of the goddess’ grave.</p>

  <p>In the past, because Lin Ming didn’t understand the Space Laws, he had nearly become lost in the thousand mile forbidden zone. But now, that sort of situation wouldn’t occur. As long as he remembered the position of the goddess’ ancient grave, he could arrive there directly.</p>

  <p>“The ancient grave of the goddess, are you thinking to…”</p>

  <p>As Mo Eversnow spoke, Lin Ming had already broken into the thousand mile forbidden zone. As soon as he entered the thousand mile forbidden zone, many evil spirits threw themselves at Lin Ming. These evil beings were far more formidable than the ones before!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming grit his teeth, opening the Eight Inner Hidden Gates as he fought with everything he had!</p>
</body>
</html>