<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 1686 – Profound Laws</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>“Interesting…”</p>

  <p>The Black Asura lifted his hands and the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel came crashing down!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming didn’t retreat at all. With the sound of a whirling vortex, a strange black spiritual strength shot out from his body, slowly floating atop the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel.</p>

  <p>The black spiritual energy slowly transformed into a phantom.</p>

  <p>Roiling with dread, a black robed man appeared within the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel. He wore bronze armor and had the appearance of a demon. As he towered like a mountain, he emitted a black light, his pupils dark and gloomy.</p>

  <p>This man was none other than Tian Mingzi!</p>

  <p>In these past years, using the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel, Lin Ming had swallowed the souls or residual wills of many powerhouses.</p>

  <p>Among these were his mortal blood enemy Tian Mingzi, the residual will of the desolate mortals within the Forsaken Mortal Tomb, the aura of the God Beast phantoms he had destroyed, and their Laws.</p>

  <p>These powerful phantoms created infinite changes within Lin Ming’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel. Even the space around him trembled.</p>

  <p>As this terrifying aura of dead spirits rampaged in all directions, a brilliant light shined in the Black Asura’s eyes. He didn’t think this youth would have such a gentle and calm ethereal martial intent but also such a cruel and powerful Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel!</p>

  <p>None of these powerful existences sealed within the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel were a trifling matter. The Black Asura found it hard to imagine just how Lin Ming had sealed them in.</p>

  <p>And there was actually someone in front of him who dared to use the same skill! To the Black Asura, this was a provocation.</p>

  <p>Within the Black Asura’s heart, mighty waves began to form.</p>

  <p>The obsidian pupils of the Black Asura began to swirl like a shadow vortex. All of the black lines of the Asura Heavenly Dao in the air were galvanized to an even greater degree of the power of the Asura Laws, all of it gathering in the black wheel.</p>

  <p>The wheel expanded again and again and the Asura phantom also grew, as if it were about to soar into the heavens.</p>

  <p>Where the black flames went, even space itself was melted away by the flickering dark power. The holes it formed in space dotted the sky like a honeycomb. The power of space poured out of these tears, rampaging in all directions.</p>

  <p>The jet black flames blotted out the skies and came sweeping towards Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>“This move, how will you meet it?” The Black Asura’s voice was icy cold, carrying with it a momentum that seemed as if it could destroy all wills.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s pupils shrank. He could feel that the dark flames before him contained dense and innumerable Asura Heavenly Dao Laws, some of them containing the power of Laws that he had never comprehended before.</p>

  <p>The gigantic and powerful pitch black flames seemed as if they could burn apart the universe.</p>

  <p>But a heroic and daring spirit surged within Lin Ming’s heart. Even if he were to be defeated, he still would not retreat!</p>

  <p>“10,000 demons, life and death, I am the lord of demons!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming cried out in his heart. As he did, a blood red light flashed in his eyes. A great blood essence blood energy shot out from his skin, nose, and mouth, brilliantly shining as it flew into the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel.</p>

  <p>In the middle of this Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel, the Asura war god developed a faint similarity to Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>The endless blood essence formed into a giant phantom of Lin Ming. This phantom grasped the Phoenix Blood Spear, its infernal energy soaring to the heavens. In the midst of these 10,000 demons, it was like the lord of demons had appeared. Its lofty and arrogant aura rose as it commanded all the demons and spirits like Tian Mingzi to meet the incoming enemy.</p>

  <p>In that moment, the momentum of this attack was no less than the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel that the Black Asura had sent out.</p>

  <p>In the void, one could only see two massive spinning wheels collide against each other, smashing against each other like two grinding pans.</p>

  <p>Bang! Bang! Bang!</p>

  <p>Each time they collided and fought, the surrounding space would be torn apart. The phantoms within the black wheel violently battled and engulfed each other. A space storm formed and even they were sucked into the swirling black vortex where they disappeared without a trace.</p>

  <p>Vast tracts of space were twisted apart. As some ruptured pieces of demonic energy fell to the ground, they were as heavy as mountains and created unfathomable deep craters.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming had invested a tremendous amount of life essence into the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel, so he could directly feel the spinning power of it.</p>

  <p>Every time the wheels clashed, it was like a massive grinding pan was viciously crashing into his body. His previous injuries had yet to recover and blood shot out from his wounds. As this blood shot out from his body, they did so with such force and speed that they created holes in space.</p>

  <p>An agonizing pain that rose from the depths of his soul occupied the entirety of Lin Ming’s mind.</p>

  <p>But at the same time, in this most direct collision, Lin Ming’s life essence was able to touch against the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel that the Black Asura had formed.</p>

  <p>“What is that?”</p>

  <p>His life essence could clearly feel the unique exquisiteness of the Black Asura’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel. The Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel that the Black Asura formed was far more profound and large.</p>

  <p>As for the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel that Lin Ming had formed, when compared to the Black Asura’s, it was the same as comparing the home of an ordinary mortal to the majestic castle of a noble.</p>

  <p>Although Lin Ming had the support of auras from all sorts of powerhouses, when his wheel faced the more perfect Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel from the Black Asura, it began to lose ground…</p>

  <p>The reason for this gradual loss was not because of a difference in strength, but because of a difference in the subtle exquisiteness of the Laws!</p>

  <p>Finally, with a loud rumbling sound, the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel that Lin Ming formed completely exploded.</p>

  <p>At the same time, the Black Asura’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel was also crushed into a ball of black energy. But as it stood, this remaining amount was still terrifying. It carried with it a dreadful annihilating momentum as it came hurtling towards Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s heart skipped a beat and all the hair on his body stood on end. This black energy was the essence of the Black Asura’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel. If he were to be struck by it, perhaps he would perish here!</p>

  <p>After burning a great amount of his life essence and in addition worsen his wounds, Lin Ming was embattled from all sides. His current condition was miserable beyond compare, and his divine soul seemed like a candle flickering in the wind, almost unable to withstand the continued burden.</p>

  <p>But he never thought of giving up. He would not die here!</p>

  <p>“Purple Temple Dao Palace – open!”</p>

  <p>Gritting his teeth, blood began flowing from Lin Ming’s eyes.</p>

  <p>Suddenly, a star seemed to rise up from Lin Ming’s body, shining down on the world like a bright moon.</p>

  <p>Within Lin Ming’s body, the massive accumulation of vitality and life force was opened by the Purple Temple Dao Palace.</p>

  <p>Within his body, the roar of a distant dragon could be heard.</p>

  <p>Ancient and primal, its vivid aura seemed to travel through the river of time from the distant past until now. A giant Azure Dragon appeared, rushing out from Lin Ming’s flesh and blood.</p>

  <p>The Azure Dragon spanned the heavens and earth, emitting the majesty of a noble dragon. It violently clashed with the essence of the Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel.</p>

  <p>Within the void, the Azure Dragon was shattered like glass by the small black ball of energy.</p>

  <p>As for that small black ball of energy, it was reduced to a tiny speck that struck Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>This tiny speck rushed into Lin Ming’s body.</p>

  <p>Standing high in the air, Lin Ming’s entire body shook. His blood red pupils turned incomparably strange and ghostly as a black vortex slowly swirled within them.</p>

  <p>Puff, puff!</p>

  <p>A deep and heavy force began to explode within him.</p>

  <p>In the next moment, countless bones shattered in his body. Lin Ming vomited out a mouthful of blood and fell to the ground like a broken kite.</p>

  <p>The Black Asura stepped through space and immediately appeared in the skies above Lin Ming’s ruined body. Standing high, he indifferently looked down at Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>“Nine Stars of the Dao Palace, hm… He is so young and yet he cultivated the Nine Stars of the Dao Palace. In this era, this truly is a miracle…”</p>

  <p>The Black Asura appeared lost in thought.</p>

  <p>At this time, lying on the ground, Lin Ming felt endless streams of pain piercing into his brain, making him feel as if his head would explode.</p>

  <p>But at the same time, an even greater surprise appeared within Lin Ming’s heart.</p>

  <p>He had obtained some new Asura Laws. They were like worms in his blood, floating in his marrow.</p>

  <p>These things were comprehensions of the Black Asura’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel after colliding with it and having a part of it smash into his body.</p>

  <p>These were truly things comprehended with valor and blood.</p>

  <p>As he comprehended these new things, his bones and muscles that were destroyed by the Asura Laws began to rapidly recover under Lin Ming’s control.</p>

  <p>His inner injuries, beneath the influence of the Asura Heavenly Dao Laws, began to rapidly swallow spiritual power from the surroundings to regenerate.</p>

  <p>Broken bones began to mend together. Within, his marrow gurgled as fresh blood was produced. His pale complexion began to slowly restore with a rosy tint.</p>

  <p>Within the Black Asura’s pitch black pupils, he could clearly see every minute change occurring within Lin Ming’s body.</p>

  <p>So, when these new Asura Heavenly Dao Laws appeared, even the Black Asura revealed a different expression.</p>

  <p>“Eh? Not only wasn’t he killed by my Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel, but he seemed to have grasped even more things about the Asura Heavenly Dao…”</p>

  <p>A strange expression formed on the Black Asura’s face.</p>

  <p>Such a trial challenger was far too terrifying!</p>

  <p>In that strike just now, the Black Asura estimated it would be extremely difficult for Lin Ming to withstand. After all, Lin Ming’s understanding of the Asura Heavenly Dao was far too limited and it was impossible to compare their two Myriad Demon Karmic Wheels.</p>

  <p>But in the critical moment when Lin Ming faced the aftermath of the Black Asura’s attack, he had opened the Nine Stars of the Dao palace, using his powerful mortal body and blood vitality to forcefully withstand the Black Asura’s attack. Although Lin Ming’s body had been ruined, he had still been able to preserve the source of his life.</p>

  <p>The Black Asura hadn’t thought that when Lin Ming was on the precipice of life and death, he would actually obtain new comprehensions into the Asura Heavenly Dao!</p>

  <p>When facing this type of person, if one didn’t kill them, they would only become increasingly strong. They were the type to make breakthroughs in battle. This was an extremely dreadful kind of enemy!</p>

  <p>“You have six hours. Afterwards, you will receive my third move!”</p>

  <p>As the Black Asura’s voice fell, he vanished. He remained cold and callous throughout, not showing the least bit of leniency in his role as the examiner in this trial.</p>

  <p>Lying on the ground, Lin Ming struggled to sit upright. With only six hours, he didn’t dare to waste the tiniest bit of time.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming entered the fused martial intent and his mind became completely empty. Behind him, the vague phantom of a Bodhi tree appeared once more.</p>

  <p>During these six hours, he grasped the chance to recover his wounds. Lin Ming’s ruined body continued to rapidly regenerate!</p>

  <p>There was still a great deal of the power of the many heavenly materials that Lin Ming had swallowed up within his body. Now, he refined these energies to make up for his missing blood vitality.</p>

  <p>When the time arrived, Lin Ming’s eyes flashed open.</p>

  <p>At this time, he was slightly excited. When he faced the Black Asura’s Myriad Demon Karmic Wheel, recklessly facing it head on had been the right decision to make. This had allowed him to obtain many deeper comprehensions into the Asura Heavenly Dao Laws.</p>

  <p>These sorts of comprehensions could not be matched by any rewards.</p>
</body>
</html>