<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <script src="../pogey.js"></script>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 1373 – Crystal Bones</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>These blazing black flames combusted over the 10,000 mile diameter of the Eternal Demon Abyss.</p>

  <p>These were not true flames, but virtual flames produced by energy.</p>

  <p>A terrifying energy followed these flames, swirling from the Eternal Demon Abyss, ascending into the skies. In such an aura, Lin Ming felt himself constantly baptized in a massive storm of power, making him feel a deep sense of awe.</p>

  <p>In the past, Empyrean Primordius had descended down to his home planet from the Divine Realm and established his own Samsara Heavenly Dao. His supernatural powers had been nearly unparalleled; it was impossible to imagine just how magnificent that time was.</p>

  <p>But what a pity, such an extreme character couldn’t avoid the inevitable fate of extermination. Even if he didn’t perish halfway on his road of martial arts, he still wouldn’t have been able to withstand the erosion of the passing years.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming stood on the edge of the Eternal Demon Abyss, looking into it. He could see at most several dozen miles into the deep darkness.</p>

  <p>Downwards, more and more endless flames of ash and gloom blocked his sight. He couldn’t imagine just what sort of horrifying and wondrous world lay beneath him.</p>

  <p>The diameter of the Eternal Demon Abyss was 10,000 miles wide and over 100 million miles long. To put it more simply, if one considered the size of mortal nations, hundreds upon hundreds of them could exist within that 10,000 mile diameter.</p>

  <p>Even if one rode a horse all day for an entire month, they still wouldn’t be able to complete a lap around the giant circle of the Eternal Demon Abyss.</p>

  <p>At the edge of the Eternal Demon Abyss, just ten miles away from Lin Ming, he could make out a giant iron chain. This chain was pierced into the walls of the Eternal Demon Abyss, extending downwards endlessly until it slowly vanished into the infinite ashy flames.</p>

  <p>This iron chain was thicker than the phantom of the Heretical God Tree when Lin Ming used Heavenly Dao Judgment!</p>

  <p>This iron chain was simple and plain, filled with a heavy sense of texture. It was unknown just what sort of material this chain was made from, but all sorts of runes were engraved on it. These runes faintly shimmered, melting into the surrounding heaven and earth origin energy.</p>

  <p>For 100,000 years, for countless days and countless nights, this iron chain had been continuously tempered by heaven and earth origin energy, swallowing the essence of the sun and moon. This chain absorbed endless surges of power every second of the day; it was impossible to imagine just how firm it was.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming suspected that there was more than one of these iron chains. Rather, they were spread all over the periphery of the Eternal Demon Abyss. It was just that his vision was limited so he could only see one.</p>

  <p>“I should follow this iron chain downwards.”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming bowed towards the Eternal Demon Abyss, then walked towards the wall area where the iron chain was located and jumped down.</p>

  <p>In the incomparably massive Eternal Demon Abyss, Lin Ming’s figure was like a tiny speck of dust, simply insignificant.</p>

  <p>To be safe, Lin Ming chose not to fly. Climbing down this iron chain was slower than flying, but it also wouldn’t arouse the attention of some unknown existences.</p>

  <p>This thick iron chain was cold to the touch and it also contained a potent power. As Lin Ming climbed down it, he looked like an ant climbing down a tree.</p>

  <p>As he continually went deeper and deeper into the Eternal Demon Abyss, he felt that he was trudging through the mountains and rivers of time, finally arriving at a different, ancient time-space.</p>

  <p>The Eternal Demon Abyss was simply far too deep. Lin Ming’s speed wasn’t too fast either. After climbing down for three days and three nights, he estimated he had gone a thousand miles down the Eternal Demon Abyss. However, compared to the 100 million mile depth of the Eternal Demon Abyss, this distance was nothing at all.</p>

  <p>During these three days, Lin Ming didn’t encounter any danger at all. Within the Eternal Demon Abyss, there existed nothing but a deathly stillness as well as the beating ash flames and the swirling heaven and earth origin energy. Besides that, Lin Ming couldn’t make out any strange energy fluctuations.</p>

  <p>Time slowly passed, a day at a time.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming had already climbed down this iron chain for an entire ten days, nearly reached 10,000 miles deep into the Eternal Demon Abyss.</p>

  <p>As he looked up, he could see the rough dark red stone walls extending upwards without end.</p>

  <p>At 10,000 miles deep, all of his surroundings had turned pitch black. Outside of the Eternal Demon Abyss, there was the faint starlight that illuminated the ground, but this weak starlight simply couldn’t penetrate through the endless fog. It came down just a tiny distance before completely disappearing.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming took a step at a time, steadily climbing downwards. With such slow progress, it was unknown just how long he would have to climb for. But, he wasn’t worried at all. To him, withstanding the baptism of the world essence energy within the Eternal Demon Abyss was also a kind of training.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming restrained his aura, moving with utter caution. However, danger finally arrived.</p>

  <p>Just as Lin Ming penetrated 15,000 miles deep into the Eternal Demon Abyss, there was a common-looking rock. As Lin Ming approached it, it suddenly burst into action. It was like a big lizard, suddenly stretching out its claws as it grasped at Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s vision condensed and he reflexively counterattacked with his spear. The colored lights of thunder and fire wove together, and with a faint crackling sound, the body of this big lizard was pierced through by the spear light.</p>

  <p>“It’s dead?”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming was startled. This beast was that easy to kill?</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming, be careful!”</p>

  <p>Mo Eversnow’s voice resounded in Lin Ming’s mind. At that moment, he felt his spiritual sea suddenly shake as a demonic will formed a sharp cone that thrust towards Lin Ming’s soul!</p>

  <p>“It really wasn’t that easy to kill!” Lin Ming hadn’t lowered his guard at all. Even if Mo Eversnow didn’t remind him, he could still respond in time.</p>

  <p>Divine dream energy flooded into his spiritual sea without hesitation. From between Lin Ming’s eyebrows, a brilliant divine light began to shine. A fierce killing intent poured into his grandmist spirit, forming a sword that slashed outwards.</p>

  <p>With a tearing sound, this evil will was chopped into several pieces by Lin Ming’s grandmist battle spirit.</p>

  <p>These several evil spirits seemed to have a life of their own. They wildly struggled, wanting to fuse back together.</p>

  <p>“How tenacious!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming swept out his spear. The power of thunder and fire heavenly tribulation descended. Underneath the baptism of heavenly tribulation, this evil spirit simply wasn’t able to withstand it. It melted into ash and faded away.</p>

  <p>This strike thoroughly killed this evil spirit. This evil spirit was extremely cunning; even after its body was ruined it could still use a spiritual attack. In truth, it was nothing but a mass of demonic will and a wisp of energy, intangible and invisible. If it weren’t for Lin Ming’s dual thunder and fire heavenly tribulation being the ultimate restraint on evil spirits, it would have taken him some time to kill it.</p>

  <p>“This is an evil spirit formed from infernal energy.”</p>

  <p>Mo Eversnow informed. She was sure this was not an ancient life form from 100,000 years ago, otherwise it wouldn’t be so weak.</p>

  <p>The entrance of the Eternal Demon Abyss was surrounded by the aura left behind by Empyrean Primordius, thus evil spirits didn’t dare to approach. But in this 100 million mile deep abyss, not every section contained the aura of Empyrean Primordius, thus there were many evil spirits born here.</p>

  <p>“Mm? It seems that the gravity is changing here…?”</p>

  <p>After killing these evil spirit, Lin Ming discovered that there was some strange change in the gravity of the Eternal Demon Abyss.</p>

  <p>Gravity pulled downwards originally, but the further down Lin Ming went, the more gravity angled at an incline, as if there was some strange attractive force in the walls of the Eternal Demon Abyss.</p>

  <p>After Lin Ming climbed down a little more, he let go and directly fell onto the walls of the Eternal Demon Abyss, standing at a steady 90 degree angle.</p>

  <p>This feeling was the exact same as being on flat land.</p>

  <p>After taking several more steps, Lin Ming discovered more evil spirits similar to the one he killed before. These evil spirits were very good at hiding and staying dormant. To be more exact, if no one came, they were no different from stones on the ground without any life fluctuations at all. But, once a stranger approached, they would be like sharks that smelled blood, suddenly striking out to swallow the flesh and blood essence energy of their prey.</p>

  <p>These evil spirits were not Lin Ming’s match. He poured the power of thunder into the Phoenix Blood Spear. Purple arcs of electricity crazily danced on the spear shaft. These evil spirits were rapidly annihilated by Lin Ming, and their final spiritual attacks were all easily resolved with Lin Ming’s grandmist battle spirit.</p>

  <p>In terms of soul force and will, how could these evil spirits possibly be Lin Ming’s opponent?</p>

  <p>As these evil spirits died, they turned into a rich yin energy, causing the surrounding infernal energy to be increasingly strong. An ice-piercing cold thrust into the bones, making one feel as if they were a corpse in a grave.</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming, this sort of evil spirit is formed from corpse energy. With so many evil spirits around, a reason they would often appear is that many powerhouses were once buried in an ancient battlefield or perhaps this might have been a mass grave for prisoners. This land beneath our feet was likely such an ancient battlefield.”</p>

  <p>As Mo Eversnow spoke, Lin Ming suddenly felt something crack beneath his feet as if he had broken something.</p>

  <p>He looked down and saw that he had stepped on a skeleton.</p>

  <p>Because it was too far in the distant past, these skeletons were already as frail as rotten wood, breaking with just a single step.</p>

  <p>To find bones here wasn’t surprising at all.</p>

  <p>As he walked further, more and more bones appeared.</p>

  <p>These skeletons were at two extremes. Some were decayed and shattered, and others glowed and glittered like carved crystals.</p>

  <p>After an essence gathering system martial artist died, their energy would slowly dissipate. Without their mortal body being vitalized by their energy, they would quickly erode.</p>

  <p>As for those that had died 100,000 years ago and yet their bones remained as bright as crystals, they had either tempered their own bodies using arcane techniques or they were body transformation martial artists.</p>

  <p>“These crystal bones, are they corpses of saints?”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s mind stirred, inevitably thinking this. The saint race focused on the body transformation cultivation system. After dying, it was reasonable for them to leave behind such a skeleton.</p>

  <p>However, Mo Eversnow shook her head.</p>

  <p>“These are not saints!”</p>

  <p>“Oh?”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming was puzzled. At this time, Mo Eversnow flew out from the Magic Cube space and floated high in the air.</p>

  <p>She stood in front of all these crystal skeletons for some time. Then, she said in a soft voice, “Lin Ming, as I look at these crystal skeletons, I feel a faint resonating pain in my heart. In truth, I don’t know where these crystal skeletons come from, but I can feel in my bones that I share the same roots as them… perhaps these skeletons were left behind by people of the primal god race…”</p>

  <p>“Primal god race!?”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming was startled. Why did so many people from the primal god race die here? How was Empyrean Primordius related to the primal god race? “Before, didn’t that senior say that there were very few people from the primal god race remaining? How come so many of them died here?”</p>

  <p>Mo Eversnow shook her head, “I’m not sure. I only inherited Senior Heavenly Empress Xuanqing’s body and not her memories. As for how many of the primal god race are left, I am not sure. But what I can be sure of is that these crystal skeletons are the remains of people of the primal god race…”</p>

  <p>Mo Eversnow had possessed Heavenly Empyrean Xuanqing’s body, thus she naturally came under the influence of Heavenly Empress Xuanqing. Towards the primal god race, she couldn’t help but feel warm and tender-hearted.</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming, do you remember the Forsaken God Clan and the pendant of the jade goddess?”</p>

  <p>Mo Eversnow asked. Lin Ming naturally wouldn’t have forgotten something like this.</p>

  <p>In the past, when Lin Ming first entered the tomb of the ancient goddess, he had taken a jade pendant form her body, and he was even carrying it with him now.</p>
</body>
</html>