<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <script src="../pogey.js"></script>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 1131 – Perfectly Crossing Tribulation</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>The power of four different kinds of heavenly tribulation raged through Lin Ming’s body. And, the power of the dragon bone relics also rampaged through him!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s thoughts sank into his dantian. A torrential vortex appeared at the Heretical God Sprout inside. The power of the thunder and fire tribulation was completely sucked in by the Heretical God Sprout!</p>

  <p>Compress! Compress again!</p>

  <p>Blue veins bulged out on Lin Ming’s forehead. Even though his body had been reborn, he still felt as if his dantian would explode from withstanding this pressure!</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming, divert all the power of the dragon bone relics and the other unnecessary energy into the threshold of life and death! Revolve the Celestial Tyrant Manual!”</p>

  <p>Mo Eversnow’s voice suddenly sounded out in Lin Ming’s ear.</p>

  <p>As Lin Ming heard her, a sharp light flashed in his eyes.</p>

  <p>That was right! The threshold of life and death!</p>

  <p>The method to cultivate the Eight Inner Hidden Gates that was recorded within the Celestial Tyrant Manual was slightly different to the method within the Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians.</p>

  <p>The Eight Inner Hidden Gates was a large boundary, but in truth it could also be divided into two boundaries instead. The first boundary included the first six of the Eight Inner Hidden Gates, and the second boundary included the last two of the Eight Inner Hidden Gates. The last two gates were called the gates that stood upon the threshold of life and death, the Gate of Life and the Gate of Death!</p>

  <p>The threshold of life and death was one of the most difficult barriers of the Eight Inner Hidden Gates to pass. In order to break through the threshold of life and death, one had to build a foundation and then pile up a massive amount of resources before making a breakthrough in a single go. In the Eight Inner Hidden Gates of body transformation, every step was more difficult than the last. As for the final Nine Stars of the Dao Palace, that was even more difficult than rising to the heavens!</p>

  <p>“Open!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming shouted out. The power of yin yang tribulation along with the power of the dragon bone relics rushed into his meridians. They rushed through his eight pulse points, impacting the threshold of life and death!</p>

  <p>With a loud banging sound, Lin Ming’s body shook as he spat out a mouthful of blood!</p>

  <p>As Lin Ming vomited this blood, his complexion paled. He grit his teeth and revolved the energy within him once more.</p>

  <p>At this time, behind Lin Ming, a deep red Prime Emperor Lotus Flower slowly bloomed. The grandmist space radiated outwards.</p>

  <p>Heavenly Demon force field!</p>

  <p>This was one of the Primordius martial intent’s three great force fields –</p>

  <p>Heavenly Demon! Heavenly Mortal! Heavenly God!</p>

  <p>Although it was only a third of a complete transcendent divine might, just what kind of existence was Empyrean Primordius? He was a peak character even amongst Empyreans. His Primordius martial intent was not some ordinary transcendent divine might. The chaos grandmist was the source of the universe.</p>

  <p>Underneath the enveloping of this grandmist space, whether it was the energy from the dragon bone relics or the power of heavenly tribulation, everything was forced to submit, and the impact was even greater!</p>

  <p><i>Bang!</i></p>

  <p>The second impact!</p>

  <p>The life and death threshold within Lin Ming’s body was like a divine drum made from the skin of an archaic vicious beast’s skin. With every impact of energy, it would release a terrifying sound.</p>

  <p><i>Boom! Boom! Boom!</i></p>

  <p>Every sound was like a bell from the heavens, pure and clear, echoing through the heavens and earth, deafening all who heard it!</p>

  <p>The drumming grew increasingly loud and more vibrant. All of the blood within Lin Ming’s body boiled with excitement. The power of his blood vitality was so strong that it could be seen with the naked eye. It was like a monstrous pillar of flame that rocketed to the heavens, flying straight through the skies and piercing through the tribulation cloud!</p>

  <p>This vast scene caused everyone to feel bewildered.</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming is really controlling the power of heavenly tribulation! He has basically crossed heavenly tribulation!”</p>

  <p>“Yes! If there isn’t an accident then he won’t be in any further danger. With such a deep blessing from the world itself, how could any accident happen to him?”</p>

  <p>“Unbelievable, we witnessed the birth of a Great World King!”</p>

  <p>Everyone held their breaths. Every scene passing in front of them meant that Lin Ming would soon cross heavenly tribulation, and complete the ninth stage of Life Destruction!</p>

  <p>The yin yang tribulation and the power contained within the dragon bone relics constantly weakened. But, the barrier of the life and death threshold was also being worn away.</p>

  <p>Without knowing just how many ringing impacts had occurred, there was finally an explosive sound like rolling thunder that caused everyone’s ears to tingle with numbness!</p>

  <p>The life and death threshold had finally been broken through! All of Lin Ming’s meridians were cleared. Most of the yin yang tribulation’s power had been used up. As for the dragon bone relics’ essence, the remainder gradually precipitated into Lin Ming’s flesh and blood.</p>

  <p>This strength was far from being able to open either the Gate of Life or Gate of Death. But to Lin Ming, breaking through the life and death threshold was more than enough.</p>

  <p>Breaking through the threshold of life and death was the first step to opening the Gate of Life and Gate of Death. This was the equivalent to opening one of the many locks that bound the Gate of Life and Gate of Death.</p>

  <p>At this point, Lin Ming had thoroughly crossed the yin yang tribulation!</p>

  <p>All that remained within his body were the remnants of the thunder and fire tribulations. At this time, Lin Ming’s body was in its peak state. The surviving power of thunder and fire within him couldn’t threaten him anymore.</p>

  <p>“Heretical God Sprout, compress again!”</p>

  <p>The vortex formed by the Heretical God Sprout became increasingly violent. The massive amount of thunder and fire tribulation was forcefully sucked in. As the power of thunder and fire flowed into the Heretical God Sprout, it began to glow with an incandescent divine light!</p>

  <p>For a time, the six leaves of the Heretical God Sprout seemed to turn to molten gold. Purple and red runes began to form atop the surface of the leaves. These dao patterns came in all sorts of different shapes. Some were like small tripods and some were like golden swords. The runes all fell onto the Heretical God Sprout, and finally, a bizarre change began to occur!</p>

  <p>The Heretical God Sprout grew taller and taller, and finally it distorted and twigs began to bud out!</p>

  <p>In just a few breaths of time, the power of thunder and fire heavenly tribulation was rapidly consumed. By the time the Heretical God Sprout stopped growing, over 90% of the power of thunder and fire tribulation had been used up.</p>

  <p>The Heretical God Sprout had actually absorbed the power of heavenly tribulation as nourishment for its own growth. This ability was truly worthy of being called a transcendent divine might; it was even able to control the Heavenly Dao and use it!</p>

  <p>The current Heretical God Sprout had doubled in height. In the past if it was a sprout, then now it was a seedling.</p>

  <p>A pair of fresh new leaves emerged from the crown of the seedling, one red and one purple.</p>

  <p>These two leaves were of the same shape: both resembled small primal chaos diagrams. There were numerous profound dao patterns crawling over the surface of these leaves. Without a doubt, these were leaves that evolved from the thunder and fire heavenly tribulation!</p>

  <p>The power of heavenly tribulation had ended up becoming a part of the Heretical God Seedling!</p>

  <p>“Mm? This is…”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s thoughts sank within himself and he summoned the Heretical God Force of the Heretical God Seedling. Flames came from his left hand and thunder from his right. The two energies actually exuded an aura similar to the Heavenly Dao.</p>

  <p>This was the power of heavenly tribulation!</p>

  <p>Lin Ming deeply gasped. A transcendent divine might was indeed a transcendent divine might; it was even able to wield the power of the Heavenly Dao for itself. After the Heretical God Sprout absorbed the power of thunder and fire heavenly tribulation, that power was then integrated into the Heretical God Force. In the future, as long as Lin Ming used the Heretical God Force, he would be able to control the power of heavenly tribulation to a certain degree. Although it was weak, this was still strength that represented the Heavenly Dao! How could anyone dare to underestimate it?</p>

  <p>“Hahaha! Great!”</p>

  <p>Lin Ming faced the heavens and laughed, his voice echoing through the world. In that instant, he was like a butterfly that had broken out from its cocoon. His essence, energy, and divine had all risen beyond expectations!</p>

  <p>The power of his blood vitality was like that of an ancient vicious beast. His mortal body nearly resembled an indestructible diamond Vajra body. His endurance had long since reached an unbelievable boundary. His true essence was as deep as a vast sea! Every time he moved, every time he raised his hand or stepped forwards, he would exude the aura of the Laws, forming faint lights around him. These were the Law runes that had been carved into his body. They thoroughly fused into his flesh and blood, engraving themselves into his marrow!</p>

  <p>Now, Lin Ming had finally crossed heavenly tribulation! At this time, Lin Ming could be called an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao! Crossing heavenly tribulation and stepping beyond the Heavenly Dao meant that one’s strength could even resist the Heavenly Dao Laws in the future!</p>

  <p>This sort of person’s fate was no longer controlled by the Heavenly Dao. This sort of person could truly say…</p>

  <p>My life is controlled not by the heavens but by me!</p>

  <p>“He’s done it! He’s reached the ninth stage of Life Destruction! This is the true ninth stage of Life Destruction, one that far surpasses all other ordinary geniuses!”</p>

  <p>“After crossing these nine heavenly tribulations, his strength must be far from comparable to how it was in the past. The advantages he obtained from this are unimaginable!”</p>

  <p>The Elders of Carefree Island began to cry out in horror and awe.</p>

  <p>33 Layered Heavens, 99 mile origin energy cloud, nine heavenly tribulations of nine by nine Life Destruction!</p>

  <p>This was likely the limit of the ninth stage of Life Destruction! It was simply incredible!</p>

  <p>“This child’s achievements will know no limit in the future. If it were a normal genius, then even if they were like Lin Ming and had enough lucky chances accumulated to undergo that sort of heavenly tribulation just now, they would have absolutely died!” An Elder cried out, his voice thick with emotion. Such a heaven-shaking lucky chance was not something that just anyone could handle. This sort of massive lucky chance could also be considered a great calamity!</p>

  <p>A peak genius was said to have a destiny like a ray of light and the life of an emperor. But, the truth was that sometimes, this was not because they were lucky, but because they could take all catastrophes that fell upon their head and turn them into lucky chances!</p>

  <p>Destiny was not equal to luck.</p>

  <p>The so-called luck meant that if one were lucky, they could casually walk outside and find a treasure. Someone lucky would often find the cave dwellings and inheritances of ancient supreme elders.</p>

  <p>But, to have a great destiny was completely different. That was the ability to turn the tables. If one went into a mystic realm where there were nine chances of death and one chance of survival, someone with a great destiny would have the ability to return. Even in a brutal life or death competition with countless powerhouses embroiled within it, someone with a great destiny would be able to grasp that fleeting chance of hope and gain victory!</p>

  <p>Their destiny came from their own self-confidence, strength, talent, and ability to remain calm even under the threat of death, never falling into despair and never giving up!</p>

  <p>And Lin Ming was one of these people.</p>

  <p>From the time he was at the Pulse Condensation realm when he went to the Divine Phoenix Realm, or the times afterwards when he went to the Demon God Imperial Palace, Eternal Demon Abyss, Road of Emperor, and other such places, he didn’t discover these places because of his good luck. Rather, these places were known by many people. Numerous individuals entered and yet only Lin Ming was able to obtain the greatest benefit from within.</p>

  <p>This was a manifestation of his destiny!</p>

  <p>These nine levels of heavenly tribulation were also the same. These nine levels of heavenly tribulation had been horrifying to an unbelievable degree; even Lin Ming had nearly died!</p>

  <p>If Lin Ming wasn’t strong and his foundation deep, with a combat strength that far surpassed other martial artists’ at his level, as well as his dual body and energy cultivation and his extremely tough body, then he would have already been turned to ash by the second stage of heavenly tribulation that had come.</p>

  <p>The reason that Lin Ming had been able to survive was completely because he never gave up, because his will had supported him throughout. If there was ever a moment when his heart had wavered then he would have been annihilated in a puff of smoke! But finally, in a despairing situation, Lin Ming had still searched for that final thread of hope. At the precipice of death, he thought to use the supreme dragon bone relics to resist the power of heavenly tribulation. He had risked everything on that final bet, never giving up, and finally he was able to create a miracle.</p>

  <p>With all of these various factors combined together, it was simply impossible to recreate such an event.</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming… he really did it. Although I placed great hopes on Lin Ming, I never did expect him to kill Tian Mingzi, because that was originally an impossible mission to begin with. But now, I can finally see, I can see that perhaps it really might be possible…” Mo Riverbliss murmured to Mo Eversnow. Although she had great confidence in Lin Ming from the start, Tian Mingzi had also been an extreme talent that was able to become a Great World King. As for Lin Ming, who didn’t have much support, it was simply too trying to have him contend with Tian Mingzi, who was tens of thousands of years older than he was and also had the support of a Holy Land behind him. It was far too difficult to do that. Even if Lin Ming became a Great World King, he might not necessarily be able to compete with Tian Mingzi.</p>

  <p>Mo Eversnow took a deep breath. As she stared at Lin Ming, a strange and complex light was in her eyes. How could she not know how difficult it was to accomplish those things that she had asked from Lin Ming? Even so, Lin Ming had been able to blaze his own trail through the heavens and earth, defying all odds again and again!</p>

  <p>“Lin Ming, your spear!” Mo Riverbliss flung out her hand. The Phoenix Blood Spear issued an excited cry, turning into a beam of light as it flew towards Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>In that moment, the spear light was beautifully blinding.</p>
</body>
</html>