<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <script src="../pogey.js"></script>
  <link href="../Styles/HeaderStyles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/LoadFonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/TableStyle.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="../Styles/sgc-nav.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Chapter 2048 – End of the Road</h2>

  <hr/>

  <p>The World Destruction Light along with the Good Fortune Legion was completely overwhelmed by the blast of energy sent out by the human alliance. The defensive barrier laid down by the Good Fortune Legion was torn apart like a soap bubble. Even from trillions of miles away, one could see a brilliant light blazing in the distance, as if a massive star had burst into a supernova.</p>

  <p>The energy waves recklessly washed out the dark nebula, thoroughly destroying the surrounding star territory and causing the light to spread even further out!</p>

  <p>The trump card of the saint armies – the Good Fortune Legion – was utterly ruined. They didn’t even have half their spirit ships remaining. The Good Fortune Saint Palace managed to remain intact. Even though it was at the center of the energy beam, it barely made it through due to the fact that it was a True Divinity spirit treasure. But for hundreds of miles around the Good Fortune Saint Palace, every spirit ship was reduced to ashes.</p>

  <p>Even those that were far away and relatively well-off were greatly damaged in the explosion. The battle strength of these spirit ships was reduced to near nothing.</p>

  <p>In truth, the truly fatal strike was the impact on their morale. The Good Fortune Legion was like a fierce tiger descending the mountain, possessing an absolute faith in their strength and ability to win. This was a terrifying army that feared no opponent.</p>

  <p>But that strike just now had completely smashed apart their arrogance and confidence.</p>

  <p>They were defeated, completely and utterly defeated!</p>

  <p>Even for the several peak Empyreans as they faced Lin Ming, this man that seemed like a demon god, all of them felt a fear come from the depths of their souls. This Lin Ming was too horrifying, simply unbeatable!</p>

  <p>And while the saints were wallowing in their low morale and fervently wishing to retreat, the morale of humanity reached the zenith!</p>

  <p>That incredible all-out attack just now caused their blood to boil over!</p>

  <p>The human martial artists that burnt their blood essence should have been exhausted due to overdrawing their blood vitality. But because of this great victory, all of them had gone crazy with elation.</p>

  <p>“Brothers, onwards!” the officers of Demon Fairy Palace wildly roared. The soldiers were like starving wolves that saw fresh meat, swarming forwards.</p>

  <p>The flapping war flag of Demon Fairy Palace was lifted high into the air. The Dark Phoenix in Nirvana embroidered upon the war flag seemed to come alive. It guided the anger of the human army, stabbing into the Good Fortune Legion like a sharp blade!</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Legion was the top army of the entire saint race. But facing the brutal onslaught of Demon Fairy Palace, they were unexpectedly routed!</p>

  <p>The explosion had blown up their battle formation. Now, every spirit ship had to operate independently, contributing more to the chaos in the field. And most importantly, according to how the original battle formation was arranged, the more powerful spirit ships were placed closer to the center of the battlefield. Like this, they could support the main strike force.</p>

  <p>When the energy beam exploded within the Good Fortune Legion, the spirit ships near the center took the brunt of the attack and almost all of them were destroyed as a result.</p>

  <p>The spirit ships that were farther away and survived the explosion were much weaker than the spirit ships near the center. It could be said that the Good Fortune Legion had lost almost three-fourths of their total war strength.</p>

  <p>Divine light shot out and an explosion lit up space. Demon Fairy Palace pushed forwards with unstoppable momentum and the Good Fortune Legion withdrew in defeat again and again.</p>

  <p>At this time, on the other side of the battlefield, the flesh and blood of Famine beneath Lin Ming’s feet was still entangled with the Good Fortune Saint Son’s avatar of Famine. A massive amount of flesh and blood essence from the avatar of Famine was being swallowed up by the flesh and blood of Famine that Lin Ming controlled!</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Son’s complexion had already turned horrendously ugly.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming could swallow and control the flesh and blood essence of Famine. Even if the flesh and blood essence of Famine had the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s spirit mark within it, it was still useless!</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Son didn’t know how Lin Ming managed to accomplish this, but this part was no longer important because he had been pushed into a dead end!</p>

  <p>He wasn’t like Fairy Blue Lotus, someone who had a master willing to damage their own cultivation to protect her with a wisp of an incarnation. How could the greatly ambitious Good Fortune Saint Sovereign ever make a sacrifice to help his disciple? As far as the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign was concerned, everyone else was nothing but a pawn to be used.</p>

  <p>So, as the Good Fortune Saint Son faced Lin Ming, he no longer had any cards in his hands.</p>

  <p>Perhaps it should be said that even if he did have hidden cards, these cards would be nothing but toys in front of Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>At this moment, the Good Fortune Saint Son felt what true despair was!</p>

  <p>He could feel that Lin Ming was not just sucking out Famine’s flesh and blood essence, but also drawing out his own flesh and blood!</p>

  <p>He was no different from a convict who had his artery slashed open. He could only stare helplessly on as his blood flowed out from his body, awaiting the moment he died from blood loss.</p>

  <p>This way of waiting for death truly left one grasping in craziness!</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Son went mad. He wildly injected his soul force into Famine’s body, wanting to compete with Lin Ming in controlling it.</p>

  <p>However, the moment that the Good Fortune Saint Son touched Lin Ming’s soul force, his face turned paperwhite and his body shook. Blood started seeping out from his nose.</p>

  <p>The difference between his soul force and Lin Ming’s was far too great!</p>

  <p>Moreover, the crux of the issue here was that the Good Fortune Saint Son’s soul force couldn’t control Famine’s avatar to begin with. He had only barely managed to indirectly control Famine’s avatar using the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s spirit mark. When compared to Lin Ming who possessed the soul of Famine, the difference was unfathomable!</p>

  <p>With a great roar, the Good Fortune Saint Son leapt out from Famine’s body!</p>

  <p>He grasped a heavy sword and slashed out at Lin Ming. In that instant, golden astral essence surged out from the Good Fortune Saint Son, as if there were a golden sun burning within him.</p>

  <p>His aura also changed. The endless starlight around him distorted, gathering towards him. The origin energy of the universe, the cosmic dust, all forms of energy were drawn out by the Good Fortune Saint Son.</p>

  <p>This was the Good Fortune Saint Son’s Good Fortune Divine Art. Once the Good Fortune Divine Art was used, it could seize the power of the world’s good fortune. In other words, it was wrestling away the spiritual energy and life of the world!</p>

  <p>A martial artist skilled in the Good Fortune Divine Art could convert this energy into their own strength, using it to destroy their enemies.</p>

  <p>By this time, the Good Fortune Saint Son had cultivated the Good Fortune Divine Art to an extremely high boundary. Once he used it, weaker Empyreans couldn’t even stand before him. This was because the Good Fortune Divine Art would sever their connection with the energy of the world, and the Good Fortune Saint Son would brutally take it away!</p>

  <p>Only a peak Empyrean would be barely able to deal with the Good Fortune Saint Son’s Good Fortune Divine Art.</p>

  <p>But to Lin Ming, not even peak Empyreans could stand before him!</p>

  <p>This was the disparity between the two!</p>

  <p>When the Good Fortune Saint Son attacked, so did Lin Ming. But it wasn’t Lin Ming that moved, but the flesh and blood of Famine beneath him!</p>

  <p>Dozens of blood dragon tentacles shot out towards the Good Fortune Saint Son!</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Son’s eyes turned blood red. He could use the Good Fortune Divine Art to absorb origin energy from the universe, but to use it to steal away origin energy from Famine was actually impossible!</p>

  <p>This was because of the difference in their ranks.</p>

  <p>He rushed left and right between the dozens of tentacles. But to his shock, he discovered that Lin Ming’s ability to display the strength of Famine’s avatar far exceeded his own!</p>

  <p>Every tentacle of Famine seemed to be alive, as if they had their own thoughts and sensations. They coordinated their attacks, their barrage of strikes, without flaw.</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Son dodged over a dozen attacks. But in the next few attacks, as his speed slowed down by just a bit, a blood dragon tentacle slammed him in the back!</p>

  <p>Puff!</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Son spat out a mouthful of blood. The organs in his body tumbled around as he was sent flying backwards.</p>

  <p>At this time, the Good Fortune Saint Son’s heart was filled with shame and humiliation. Lin Ming had actually stolen away the avatar of Famine and then used it to deal with him!</p>

  <p>He had mobilized the several saint legions in Saint Convocation Heaven to come here and wait for Lin Ming. But these legions were completely defeated by Lin Ming.</p>

  <p>He had led the Good Fortune Legion, the trump card of the saint armies, to encircle Xiao Moxian. But in the end, the Good Fortune Legion had been demolished!</p>

  <p>And from beginning to end, the Good Fortune Saint Son had never truly fought with Lin Ming. Lin Ming simply stood where he was without moving, gradually taking control of Famine’s avatar!</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Son hurtled himself at Lin Ming. But Lin Ming only used Famine’s avatar to deal with him.</p>

  <p>Lin Ming’s methods matched what he had said before. He simply didn’t take the Good Fortune Saint Son to be his match.</p>

  <p>Humiliation, frustration, despair, in the final waning moments of his life, the Good Fortune Saint Son went crazy. He burnt his blood essence to the limit, but no matter how he attacked, all that greeted him were the fierce and terrifying blood dragon tentacles!</p>

  <p>These tentacles were endless. Even if the Good Fortune Saint Son cut them off, they would rapidly regrow. Then, these tentacles were reabsorbed by Famine’s body. It was simply an unkillable monster.</p>

  <p>Moreover, as more and more flesh and blood of Famine was absorbed by Lin Ming, the tentacles that fought with the Good Fortune Saint Son became increasingly thick even as more and more of them appeared!</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Son was covered in blood. His organs had broken apart in countless places and he was covered in innumerable wounds.</p>

  <p>His movements gradually slowed down. He knew he had reached the precipice of death.</p>

  <p>In the final moments of his life, the Good Fortune Saint Son’s lips curved up in a humorless smile. He used his remaining astral essence to flood his limbs. These energies started to boil like magma…</p>

  <p>“You want to implode?”</p>

  <p>A cold light flashed in Lin Ming’s eyes. How could he allow the Good Fortune Saint Son to do as he wished. To him, the Good Fortune Saint Son was still of great use.</p>

  <p>Whoosh!</p>

  <p>A wisp of soul force shot out from between Lin Ming’s eyebrows like the sword of a divine god, piercing into the Good Fortune Saint Son’s spiritual sea at an inconceivable speed.</p>

  <p>For an instant, the energy gathered within the Good Fortune Saint Son froze. And in this instant, a thick tentacle rushed forwards and bit down upon the Good Fortune Saint Son!</p>

  <p>Puff! Puff! Puff!</p>

  <p>Immediately, hundreds of tentacles the thickness of a worm drilled into the Good Fortune Saint Son’s body. Like leeches, they started to recklessly swallow the Good Fortune Saint Son’s flesh and blood essence and energy alike!</p>

  <p>The Good Fortune Saint Son’s eyes bulged out and his expression turned dull. At this moment, he was no different from a living corpse.</p>

  <p>In these last moments of his life, he could feel Lin Ming using Famine’s avatar to swallow him!</p>

  <p>He had controlled the avatar of Famine for a long time and had used it to swallow an incalculable amount of lives and energy. Finally, he had been reduced to becoming this avatar’s food. This was truly life’s greatest joke!</p>

  <p>Slowly, the Good Fortune Saint Son’s mortal body withered away. His skin wrinkled and his eyes deepened into their sockets.</p>

  <p>The flesh and blood of Famine wriggled about and fed the disabled Good Fortune Saint Son into Primordius Heavenly Palace…</p>
</body>
</html>